<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:43 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Patrick, Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Benjamin(from 20:04 to 20:26) Apologies: Paul Absent: Guest: Fraser 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md
Comment - expired members was actually 314 on that date Proposed by Patrick, seconded by Nick Passed without Dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Third Tuesday 2022-03-15 19:30 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $473." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2022/02-15/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2022-02-15T00:00:00+00:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:43 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Patrick, Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Benjamin(from 20:04 to 20:26) Apologies: Paul Absent: Guest: Fraser 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md
Comment - expired members was actually 314 on that date Proposed by Patrick, seconded by Nick Passed without Dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Third Tuesday 2022-03-15 19:30 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $473."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2022-02-15T00:00:00+00:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="948">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:43 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Patrick, Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Benjamin(from 20:04 to 20:26) Apologies: Paul Absent: Guest: Fraser 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md
Comment - expired members was actually 314 on that date Proposed by Patrick, seconded by Nick Passed without Dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Third Tuesday 2022-03-15 19:30 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $473."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2022/02-15/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">February 15, 2022</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:43
<ul>
<li>VENUE: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Present: Patrick, Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Benjamin(from 20:04 to 20:26)</li>
<li>Apologies: Paul</li>
<li>Absent:</li>
<li>Guest: Fraser</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md</a></p>
<ul>
<li>Comment - expired members was actually 314 on that date</li>
<li>Proposed by Patrick, seconded by Nick</li>
<li>Passed without Dissent</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Third Tuesday 2022-03-15 19:30</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$473.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>$96.52 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$3955.20 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4498.02 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$30.00 this month, $40.00 last, $70.00 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$5.50 this month, $97.98 last, $103.48 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$24.50 this month, ($57.98) last, ($33.48) this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Payables
<ul>
<li>$157.00 to Paul for Meetup Fee 2022-01-11&ndash;2022-07-11 (TBA)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float</li>
<li>Taken back at AGM? (to check)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Transfers
<ul>
<li>$103.48 to Debit card (Approved)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Unreconciled
<ul>
<li>$49.00 cash to be added to cash box</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Margaret)</p>
<ul>
<li>2 new members (one is possibly an expired member from 2005 rejoining), 2 renewals since last committee meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends as of 2022-02-14 (Margaret)</p>
<ul>
<li>Current Paid Members 32, previous month was 30</li>
<li>Overdue Members 2, previous month was 2</li>
<li>Expired Members 314, previous month was 314</li>
<li>Members on meetup.com 462, previous month 464</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>January 2022</p>
<ul>
<li>Wednesday 2022-01-19 PLUG-in-the-Pub
<ul>
<li>Bull Creek Tavern</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>February 2022</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Second Tuesday 2022-02-08</p>
<ul>
<li>Alastair Irvine - Toolbelt: install almost anything (in theory)</li>
<li>8 attendees + speaker</li>
<li>Might be useful to have a guide for speakers on using BigBlueButton</li>
<li>ACTION - Margaret to investigate BBB documentation</li>
<li>Audio glitches, mostly at start: network? but very little jitter/loss overall
<ul>
<li>Clipping between voice-activity detection</li>
<li>Lapel microphone helps a lot, need in each AV node?</li>
<li>Real install, configure persistent settings</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Checklist: post meeting transcode, then title the recording and switch to Public listing</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2022-02-13</p>
<ul>
<li>do a talk at that venue? hardware based?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Upcoming events:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>February 2022</p>
<ul>
<li>AV Hack session
<ul>
<li>Date TBD: <a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2022-February/084653.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2022-February/084653.html</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>March 2022</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Second Tuesday 2022-03-08 - Linux/hardware workshop?</p>
<ul>
<li>Potlatch Compote Smörgåsbord</li>
<li>Project or theme
<ul>
<li>James: setting up an arm64 Ubuntu Core Raspberry Pi</li>
<li>build a pihole?</li>
<li>remoting into it with VNC</li>
<li>remote to your home PC/Server :) tnx for the idea Steve</li>
<li>with updates later in the year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New people often show up</li>
<li><a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org/jam/">https://www.raspberrypi.org/jam/</a> - not currently promoting in-person events</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>PLUG-in-the-Irish-pub?</p>
<ul>
<li>Discuss at next meeting, put your ideas here</li>
<li>Irish Pubs <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/o9WeNkqQwY2ofVme7">https://goo.gl/maps/o9WeNkqQwY2ofVme7</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.thegalwayhooker.com.au/">https://www.thegalwayhooker.com.au/</a></li>
<li>Monday 2022-03-28T18:00</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>PLUG Hack afternoon</p>
<ul>
<li>AV hack session @CBD?</li>
<li>AV build/buy node2?</li>
<li>static templates for youtube uploads</li>
<li>next session?</li>
<li>Quick turnaround: Interaction/questions from audience with remote speaker
<ul>
<li>need a low latency backchannel</li>
<li>without audio-feedback-loop
<ul>
<li>speaker needs to be using headphones</li>
<li>two sources in BBB recording?</li>
<li>test directionality room microphones</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>TODO: Paul to send our email call for talks to the plug list after Alastair&rsquo;s talk</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview</p>
<ul>
<li>Permissions/moderator/presenter</li>
<li>Uploading slides/office documents</li>
<li>Shared Whiteboard</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>PLUG AV hack sessions</p>
<ul>
<li>Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for&hellip; ?</li>
<li>Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hugo static site generator websites</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: <a href="http://www.paddo.com.au/">http://www.paddo.com.au/</a></li>
<li>Ocean Beach Hotel: <a href="https://www.obh.com.au/">https://www.obh.com.au/</a></li>
<li>Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
<ul>
<li>2020-11-23 <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/">https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/</a></li>
<li>and 2019-05-19 <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/">https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/">https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/</a></li>
<li><a href="https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/">https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising</a></p>
<ul>
<li>Paul will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address)</p>
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?
<ul>
<li><a href="https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/">https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/</a> , &ldquo;Perth Linux User Group&rdquo; ABN 58233849580</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can we create a <a href="https://payid.com.au/">PayID</a> for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html</a></li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as payid (also ABN?)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Problem with backups?</p>
<pre tabindex="0"><code>Got unexpected RPC data format from server:
This account is currently not available.
</code></pre><ul>
<li>ACTION: James to follow up with Margaret about details of error.</li>
<li>Failed: <code>Date: Sun, 16 Jan 2022 06:57:25 +0800 (AWST)</code></li>
<li>Worked: <code>Date: Tue, 18 Jan 2022 08:01:05 +0800 (AWST)</code></li>
<li><code>100 GB Standard Offsite Filesystem USD$18.00 per year Next billing: April 13, 2022</code></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Done: Paul or Peter to read Spacecubed/Riff meetup agreement renewal for 2022
and reply back to committee. Peter sent a FWD email from Amandine, she replied in person that it was</p>
<ul>
<li>Verbally confirmed as signed, before the 2022-02-08 meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Meetup - can we get renewal emails sent to <a href="mailto:committee@plug.org.au">committee@plug.org.au</a>, and use PLUG debit card to pay?</p>
<ul>
<li>Discuss for 10 minutes at next AV hack session</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>MOTION: Reimburse Paul for the latest 6-monthly meetup.com bill</p>
<ul>
<li>Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Patrick</li>
<li>Passed without dissent</li>
<li>( approximately $157.00 to Paul for Meetup Fee 2022-01-11&ndash;2022-07-11 (TBA) )</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="7-meeting-closed-by-patrick-at-2144-from-the-big-blue-button">7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:44 from the Big Blue Button</h2>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
