---
date: "2019-07-16T00:00:00+08:00"
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-07-16
---

## 0. Opening
Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:31 PM

Attendance:
* Present: Benjamin, Paul, Margaret, Peter, Nick, James
* Apologies: Michel
* Absent: x

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by James Passed? Yes
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-06-18-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 15-07-2019 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year  ($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * $40.86 current, $40.86 start of year            ($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * $0 current, $27.89 start of year    ($161.21 start 2018)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2552.71 current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)
    * Total Assets
      * $3029.92 (was $3309.34 start of year)   ($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $120.00 this month,     $240.00 last, $702.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month,     $207.15 last, $904.15 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $120.00 this month,    $32.85 last, ($202.15) this year
  * Outstanding
    * Debts
      * $71.22 for AWS
    * Receipts
      * $31.27 from expired Load&Go (new)
      * $78.90 from Donations (to be confirmed)
    * ACTION:
      * Peter to pay AWS bills on his card if needed
      
* Membership Situation as of 16-07-2019(Paul)
  * 6 renewals/new in July $120 + donations
  *	7 renewals/new in June $140 + donations
  *	4 renewals/new in May $80
  * 1 renewals/new in April $20 + donations
  * 28 Current Paid Members, previous month was 26
  * 297 Expired Members, previous month was 297
  * 384 Members on meetup.com, previous month 368
  * Note quite a few members have paid for 2 years in advanced.

----
## 3. Events status.
Note we only have 4 more talk slots left this year, Aug/Sep/Oct/Nov.

* July 2019
   * AV Intro Demo by Nick. Thanks
   Pretty good considering not organised and about 12 people.
   * 2019-07-29: PLUG in the Pub @Village Bar Subiaco
     * https://www.thevillagebar.com.au/ 10/531 Hay St, Subiaco
     * Debian 10 "Buster" Release!
* August 2019
  * Kodi/RetroPie/Blender/LibreCAD/OpenSCAD/FreeCAD/KiCad/Oregano/GQRX/CubicSDR/Inkscape/RetroArch?
   ACTION: Not confirmed.
* September 2019
   * 2019-09-10: Benjamin on The Elastic NAS & MooseFS.
   ACTION: Confirmed.
       * 2019-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub ITLAPD@ www.piratebar.com.au Arrrr!.
   ACTION: Confirmed.
* October 2019
  * Quiz Night 2019?
  ACTION: Paul will need to confirm venue.
* November 2019
  * RPi 4 demo/Hack night.
  * 2019-09-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ ?
* December 2019
  * Christmas BBQ party.
  ACTION: Pick a Saturday/Sunday to have it.
  
* Future
   * Talk by Martin Dougiamas, Want to be at our best, promotion & AV-wise.
   ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * Puppet Inc may want to do talks/presentations etc with us, Need to talk to Gino D'Ambrosio
   ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * OpenVPN? Routing
   * Godot: Free software game engine
   * Wireguard?
   * Puppet talk in future, Benjamins contact
   * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)

----
## 4. General Business and Matters Arising.

* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
  * (New address President Unit 410/130A Mounts Bay Road)
  * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
  * TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.
  * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site
  * DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report has been done.
  * Auskey/abr. Paul, I was told once you update that the ato will be updated, will wait for Peter.

* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
  * TODO? No

----
## 5. New General Business.
 * To draft for next meeting:
   * Motion to open an interest bearing bank account
   * Motion to open a bank account (one-to-sign) and get a debit card to use instead of load-and-go card.
* Vote for the above at the August
  * ACTION: Paul to ask Bendigo find out which ways we can do this.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XrLvyw5P3shgLbFrcOKC5AFe5fmyahF0ChZWLX_9wWY (a reference to account options)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AdHfl-3wszDUpBYaDWjDnu4rqvaIjsIkoNFM_Ot_nRM/edit (example motion)

----
## 6. Next committee meeting.
* Tuesday 20-08-2019

Meeting closed by Benjamin 8:03 PM

Next Agenda
https://hackmd.io/ywUWXaKsRWKpPMnCiYnu6g?edit
