---
date: "2019-10-15T00:00:00+08:00"
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-10-15
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Nick at 7:37  PM

### Attendance:
* Present: Paul, Margaret, Nick, Peter, Michel, James, Benjamin
* Apologies: -
* Absent: -

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
  * MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Margaret.
    * https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-09-17-minutes.md
  * ACTION: Nick: Peter asks that the second line of the debts be split into 3 separate points.
  * Subject to the above correction: Passed without dissent Yes.

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 15-10-2019 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $517.60 current, $252.55 start of year ($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * Expired, $40.86 start of year ($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * Expired, $27.89 start of year ($161.21 start 2018) [delete]
    * Bank Balance
      * $2370.51 current, $2754.04 start of year ($3469.95 start 2018)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 from expired Debit card (old)
      * $31.25 recovered from expired Load&Go (new) [delete]
    * Total Assets
      * $2888.11 (was $3213.04 start of year) ($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month, $88.10 last, $870.10 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $75.74 last, $1090.57 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $0.00 this month, $12.36 last, ($220.47) this year
  * Outstanding:
    * Debts
      * None
  * ACTION: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.
  * ACTION: Paul send off form to recover old load&go funds balance left over.
  
* Membership Situation as of 15-10-2019(Paul)
  * 0 renewals/new in October $0
  * 1 renewals/new in September $20
  * 0 renewals/new in August $0
  *	6 renewals/new in July $120
  * 24 Current Paid Members, previous month was 23
  * 302 Expired Members, previous month was 302
  * 400 Members on meetup.com, previous month 391
    * We reached 400 members on meetup!
  * ACTION: Paul to ask LL about membership payment.

----
## 3. Events status.
* November
   * Quiz Night 2019, 2019-11-19 @ Belgian Beer Cafe
     * Ben/Paul can MC and do questions
       * ACTION: Paul will email/speak to Ben, choose a deadline?
       * ACTION: Paul: Email out the round/theme overview, when the questions are done? e.g. bonus rounds? 
     * Entrance fee not breakeven?
       * Make it $5 members/$10 nonmembers
         * or $x a table? Usually bigger quizes, let's skip that for now
       * ACTION: Paul: Update calendar/event
     * Send email promotion:
       * ACTION: Nick to draft email to send through to committee.
       * Send it ASAP
       * Ask for prize donations
         * If you know or work for an organisation that can sponsor prizes in return for promotion, speak up now
       * "Please RSVP a week in advance, meetup or email"
         * by Friday 8th November?
       * Paul suggests also update calendar/meetup to.
     * Prizes:
       * O'Reilly e-book vouchers?
       * Business email/calling/doorknocking?
       * Donations drive, spot prizes, incentives?
       * Jaycar/Altronics?
       * Vouchers?
       * Need enough 1st prizes to cover a winning table
       * MOTION: We budget $50 to add prizes to the pool if necessary after RSVP's close
       * Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Margaret. Everyone voted yes.
   * 2019-11-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @  .
     * https://beerpourium.com.au/
     * (Very Close to buses and train:)
     ACTION: Paul will find out about cider for Margaret:)
   * Committee Meeting - Because of quiz night, can we move to Tues 12 November.
   * Budget food? drinks?
     
* December 2019
   * Christmas BBQ party King's Park 2019-12-07 11:00AM-2:00PM
   * MOTION: We budget $120 for food and drinks
   * Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Paul. All in favour Yes.

* January 2020
  * (LCA Gold Coast Jan 13-17th)
  * Regular third Tuesday Committee meeting pencilled in
  * We could have a PLUG in the Pub
    
* February 2020
  * Second Tuesday, 2020-02-11 AGM with lighting talks?
  * 5-10 mins per talk or overview of LCA.

* Future
   * Talk by Martin, Want to be at our best, promotion & AV-wise.
     * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
     * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?
   * Godot: Free software game engine
   * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)
   * RPi 4 demo
   * Blender
   * Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)
   * Snipe-IT (python inventory management)
   * Boostnote
   * Anki

## 4. General Business and Matters Arising.
* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
  * (New address President X)
  * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
  * TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.
  * DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report complete
    * Done
  * Bendigo Bank
    * Done
  * Auskey/Australian Business Register obsolete as of 2020-01 https://abr.gov.au/auskey
  * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site
  * STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC
  * ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help
* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
* ACTION: Open Bendigo interest bearing bank.
  * We have our Certificate of Incorporation document and signatories needed.
  TODO: Benjamin & Nick ongoing.
* ACTION: Open Bendigo debit card.
  * We have our Certificate of Incorporation document and signatories needed.                  
  TODO: Benjamin & Nick ongoing.

## 5. New General Business.
* Lawrence Lau borrowed AV gear ingest station, emailed to the list to use at the NASA Space hack challenge at Flux St Georges Terrace from Oct 9th - 21st.
* Nick, Hosting currently working off Amazing credit. We still need to migrate server over to digital ocean VM which Ben provided. If we don't change soon we will need to spend more money on hosting, around about $70 per month. We could put to tender and pay someone to do.
 
----
## 6. Next committee meeting.
* Tuesday 2019-11-12 1930 

Meeting closed by Nick 8:51 PM
