---
date: "2020-02-18T00:00:00+08:00"
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-02-18
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Nick at 7:40 PM 2020-02-18

## Attendance
* Present: Nick, Paul, Peter, James
* Apologies: Margaret, Michel, Benjamin
* Absent: None

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
  * MOTION: Proposed by Paul and seconded by Peter. Passed without dissent. Yes
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-11-12-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2020-02-17 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $591.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit card(old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
      (Paul: should this be removed? Peter: has it been recovered?)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2086.07 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $2782.13 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $29.00 this month, $70.00 last, $99.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $69.00 this month, $42.34 last, $111.34 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($40.00) this month, $27.66 last, ($12.34) this year
  * Outstanding:
    * Debts
      * BBQ $48+$29 Drinks+Foods Done
      * AGM? $30 Food? Done
      * AWS? $42 January(Nick) Done
      * DMIRS $17 Cert Done

* Membership Situation as of 2020-02-18 (Paul)
  * 3 renewals/new in February $20
  * 3 renewals/new in January $70 ($10 donation)
  * 2 renewals/new in November $40
  * 0 renewals/new in October $0
  * 1 renewals/new in September $20
  * 30 Current Paid Members, previous month was 24
    (I made a correction for Niall I missed, from the Quiz night)
  * 300 Expired Members, previous month was 302
  * 410 Members on meetup.com, previous month 402

## 3. Events status
* February 2020
   * 9 people at AGM. Not a huge turn out.
* March 2020
   * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2020-03-08
     * (Paid venue) 
   * Raspberry Pi Jam and Workshop. 2020-03-10
     * Registered at Raspberrypi.org and confirmed.
     * Next time, we'll delegate someone to register it before the end of the year
     * ACTION: We have drinks, Paul to get snacks.
     * People can bring their own hardware/pi's.
   * PLUG in the Pub. 2020-03-30 The Mighty Quinn in Yokine, confirmed.
* April 2020
   * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2020-04-12
   * Talk: 2020-04-14 Jamesh Github Actions, definite.

* Future
  * May: Focal Fossa Ubuntu 20/04 pre-release demo/launch party?
    * Expected release date 2020-04-23
  * June: Quiz?
    * Take it to email, need to book a venue.
  * Talk by Martin
    * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out? when we're at our best, promotion & AV-wise
  * Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
    * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
  * OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?
  * Godot: Free software game engine
  * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)
  * RPi 4 demo
  * Blender
  * Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)
  * Snipe-IT (python inventory management)
  * Boostnote
  * Anki

## 4. General Business and Matters Arising
* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
  * (New address President X)
    * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
    * done: DMIRS.
    * done: Bendigo Bank.
    * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site.
      * STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC.
    * ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help.
  * ACTION: Peter 2018 & 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP.
    * ACTION: Nick will help to get it into the published site
  * TODO: New Bendigo accounts, Benjamin/Peter/Nick - Banks require forms to be signed.
    * ACTION: Back to the bank.
          * Peter will tell us Monday 2020-02-24 when we can schedule a visit.

## 5. New General Business
  * TODO: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.
      * STATUS: Still to do
  * TODO: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load and Go card and I will cash it.
  * AV gear has been returned.
  * ACTION: Server migration to digital ocean is progressing.
      * We anticipate for it to be complete in March. If it takes long Nick will notify us if more time is needed:)
          * Status: Some interdependencies have been identified and are being worked on
  * TODO: Paul Publish AGM and meeting minutes to Github.(If someone can send through hackmd)
      * Status: Done except for financial reports

----
## 6. Next committee meeting
* Tuesday 2020-03-17 19:30

Meeting closed by Nick at 8:32 PM.
