---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-09-21
date: 2021-09-21
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:45
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Patrick
* Apologies: Benjamin
* Absent: Paul
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-08-24-minutes.md
  * Note that the current month's income/expense/net were incorrect (see this month's report)
  * Proposed by Nick, Seconded by Patrick
  * Passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-10-19 19:30
   
## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-09-20 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $391.30 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $183.14 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4156.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4772.26 (was $4846.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month, $30.00 last, $638.50 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $6.80 last, $610.65 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $0.00 this month, $23.20 last, $27.85 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Receivables
        * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * Unreconciled
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
      * Note that the last month Income/Expense/Net figures above are correct.

* Membership Situation as of 2021-09-21 (Margaret)
  - 0 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2021-09-21 (Margaret)
  - Current Paid Members 25, previous month was 25
  - Overdue Members 4 previous month was 6
  - Expired Members 312, previous month was 310
  - Members on meetup.com 465, previous month 462

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
   
  * September
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH
      * Hosts Stephen Price, Damon Perry
    * Second Tuesday timeslot
      * General hack session? Installfest?
      * Apologies: Nick
      * Only 4 people (all committee members)
* Forthcoming events
  * September
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Thursday 23rd September
      * ACTION: Patrick to book the Pirate Bar
  * October
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH   2021-10-10
      * Hosts Nick, Damon Perry
    * Second Tuesday Quiz Night 2021-10-12
        * Non-zero venue hire fee -> charge attendees $5 members, $10 non-members?
          * Cash, bank transfer, square reader?
        * Margaret to MC
        * Generous Squire Shafto Lane, Perth
          * $150 venue hire, has HDMI TV
          * Booked - payment not needed until 2 weeks before
            * ACTION - Margaret to request payment details from venue, and confirm details 
          * Do we want to order platters? No
        * Paul is happy to help organise?
        * Margaret can contribute all questions
        * Sponsors wanted
          * ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed
          * DONE - Shaun Hofer from Red Hat has offered a nice selection
        * If others want to help, let us know
        * $200 budget has been allocated to spend on quiz prizes if needed
        * Margaret to bring pi, James to bring laptop as backup

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * email plug@plug.org.au to see if anyone wants to give a talk
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
    
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: http://www.paddo.com.au/
    * The Hampden, Nedlands: https://thehampden.com.au/
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Margaret to phone Bendigo
      * Tried to set up over phone, but can only be done by someone with mobile phone registered with Bendigo
      * May not be possible to use our email, only ABN
      * or can be done in branch?

## 6. New General Business


## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 20:56.
