---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-06-15
date: 2021-06-15
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:40
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Margaret, Nick, James, Peter
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent: Benjamin, Patrick
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md
  * Note: Actual BBB meeting URL updated: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
  * Proposed Margaret (subject to annotation to show actualy BBB address as changed after the meeting), seconded Peter, passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-07-20 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-06-14 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $313.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $44.26 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4252.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4651.18 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $20.00 this month, $104.50 last, $282.50 this year
    * Expense
      * $105.64 this month, $47.70 last, $377.53 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($85.64) this month, $56.80 last, ($95.03) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Income
          * $60 cash entrance fees received at Car Rally
          * $100 membership & donations received today
      * Expense
          * $44 cash spent on prizes/food
      * Payables
        * $0.00
      * Receivables
        * $31.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
        ($15.00 of receipts at last meeting)
      * Transfers
        * $0.00

* Membership Situation as of 2021-06-15 (Margaret)
    3 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2021-06-15 (Margaret)
    x Current Paid Members 32, previous month was 32
    x Overdue Members 3, previous month was 1
    x Expired Members 307, previous month was 308
    x Members on meetup.com 454, previous month 450

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
    
  * May
    * 2021-05-09 1200--1600 admin busy bee
        * ACTION: Peter/Nick: update committee position email aliases @plug.org.au
        * **DONE**
        
    * 2021-05-31 PLUG in the Pub
      * Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park
        * a bit noisy
  * June
    * Second Tuesday 2021-06-08 Benjamin on riff.cc
      * Benjamin presented from home via BBB
      * Need test run with presenter at least 10 minutes before start time to resolve any problems
      * Some brief network glitches, recording seems good
      * An out-of-band feedback channel is helpful
      * We discovered that the headphone output on the AV laptop was faulty (something we had not tested in our testing for in-person setup)
      * 9 attendees in person, 1? online
      * follow-up request from someone who couldn't attend for a recording.
      * ACTION: get James some credentials to upload original meeting recordings.
    * Second Sunday 2021-06-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
      * Event was cancelled this month.

* Forthcoming events
  * June 
    * Third Sunday 2021-06-20 PLUG Jitsi party
  * July
    * Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2021-07-13 
      * Only two talks offered so far (Harry and Margaret)
      * BBB - feature overview, demo PDF slideshows?
    * 2021-07-26 PLUG in the Pub
       * Little Island Brewing, CBD
       * Florence Hummerston Building, 1 Valdura Place, Elizabeth Quay, Perth WA 6000
       * https://www.theislandeq.com.au/
    * ACTION: Margaret to update calendar
    * ACTION: James to update MeetUp
  * August
  * September
  * October
    * Quiz Night? Ben to MC.
      * Moved from May/August - needs more prep time?
      * New venue needed (Belgian Beer now require minimum of 60 people for Le Roi)
        * Prince Lane Bar? 356 Murray St, Perth (previously Carnegie's)
        * Durty Nellie's? Shafto Lane, Perth
        * Generous Squire? Shafto Lane, Perth
        * ACTION: Margaret to contact Generous Squire
      * Paul is happy to help organise
      * Margaret can contribute at least one round of questions
      * Sponsors wanted
        * ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed.
      * If others want to help, let us know

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: http://www.paddo.com.au/
    * The Hampden, Nedlands: https://thehampden.com.au/
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* Domain name renewed 2021-06-04, ref: Invoice 0459
  * ACTION: Peter to initiate payment
* Bank account signatories
  * Patrick's card is with Benjamin until pickup

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements


* ACTION: Nick: Update BBB friendly URL, test after this meeting: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug - **DONE**

* Communications - if you do something that will result in an email to committee@plug.org.au (e.g. make a purchase on PLUG's behalf, request a password reset), please send an email to committee@plug.org.au so that we know it is genuine. 

## 6. New General Business

## 7. Meeting closed by Margaret at 21:06.
