---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-04-20
date: 2021-04-20
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:48
* Present: Nick, Patrick, Margaret, Peter
* Apologies: Benjamin
* Absent: James, Paul
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-03-16-minutes.md
  * Proposed Margaret, seconded Peter (subject to spelling correction), passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-05-18 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-04-19 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $283.60 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Debit card (old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year (Expired start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $197.60 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4137.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4660.02 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $20.00 this month, $20.00 last, $138.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $15.70 last, $224.19 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $20.00 this month, $4.30 last, ($86.19) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Income
          * $60 entrance fees received at Car Rally
      * Expense
          * $44 spent on prizes/food
      * Payables
        * $0.00
      * Receivables
        * $16.00 being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * Transfers
        * $0.00

* Membership Situation as of 2021-04-20 (Margaret)
    1 renewal since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2021-04-20 (Margaret)
    x Current Paid Members 33, previous month was 33
    x Expiring Members 0, previous month was 1
    x Expired Members 308, previous month was 307
    x Members on meetup.com 452, previous month 448
    
    * Of the 33 current members, only 16 have the same email address registered on the PLUG mailing list (and two of these have it as a send only address, but also have an active email address on the PLUG mailing list.) 4 others are on the PLUG mailing list with a different email. The remaining 13 do not appear to be on the PLUG mailing list. So we cannot rely on the PLUG mailing list for important announcements such as the AGM.

## 4. Spacecubed Agreement
   * See emails from Amandine
   * Confirm contact address as committee@plug.org.au (not Paul or Peter)
   * The poor signal for mobile phones in the Vault makes it difficult for us to go and let people in
   * Can we specify the Town Hall if available?
     * Happy to move to another space in case of contention/another booking, we just want to use the Town Hall if it's available, near the front glass doors
     * We appreciate the space and will fit in with your requirements
     * (The new original 2020 document and the new 2021 document specifies the Vault)
   * The agreement says the booking finishes at 8 pm sharp (to allow the cleaners to do their work). This is not ideal if we don't start the talk until 7, but we could work towards it, e.g. no food and drinks after 7.30, pack up immediately after the talk finishes, rather than hanging around chatting. Include this in the "housekeeping" at the start of each meeting.

   * Have not had real written confirmation of our requests, but should be OK.
   * Keep an eye out for alternative venues.

## 5. Events Status
* Review of recent events
    * 2021-03-29 Plug-in-the-Pub ? J.B. O'Reilly's Leederville
        * How did it go? Good, numbers good
    * 2021-04-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
        * 6+ attendees?
    * 2021-04-18 Car Rally Scavenger hunt
        * Was described as "Car Rally" ambiguous?
        * Well organized, thank you Stephen!

* Forthcoming events
  * May
    * 2021-05-09 1200--1600 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
      * ACTION: Nick: Announce this one by email (admin@plug , plug@plug) as an admin focused event
        * Change of venue for admin event: Email Secretary for address
        * SSL cert
        * Lastpass
        * Website uploads
        * Mailing lists: plug-announce, jobs
          * too many low volume lists?
        * ACTION: Nick: update committee position email aliases @plug.org.au
    * 2021-05-11 Talk: JamesH about Editing Video with code (GStreamer Editing Services)
      * Schedule/organise AV-focussed event - next PLUG+POSH? or another time/place?
    * 2021-05-31 PLUG in the Pub
        * Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park
  * June
    * Second Tuesday 2021-06-08 Benjamin on riff.cc
    * Second Sunday 2021-06-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
      * ACTION: Nick: Announce this one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV focused event, depending on 2021-05-11 feedback
  * July
    * Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2021-07-13 Callout for lightning talks?
    * 2021-07-xx PLUG in the Pub
  * August
    * Quiz Night in August? Ben to MC.
      * Paul is happy to help organise
      * Sponsors wanted
      * If others want to help, let us know
      * Moved from May - needs more prep time?

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... March+April?
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Little Island Brewing, CBD
    * The Hampden, Nedlands

## 6. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
  * Note update everything from Google Calendar (master)
  * ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders
  * ACTION: Paul happy to keep meetup.com up to date
  * ACTION: Benjamin: Will keep facebook.com up to date
  * ACTION: All: calendar, backup where needed
  * ACTION: ??? to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)
      * Find who has access to the account
      * We have been getting notifications recently
      * Password has been reset and provided to all present at this committee meeting
  * LUGcomms
    * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/lugcomms/2021-March/000295.html
    * Timezones - maybe we should host in winter/non-DST

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* Domain name issue
  * .org.au holders need documentation of incorporation?
  * ACTION: Nick followup with Tim: final status is not confirmed as of 2021-02-16
    * Renewal is due 2021-07-02, will renew automatically 30 days before

* Numato Opsis hdmi2usb
  * Harry found a blown buck regular IC
  * Bought replacement+spares from element14, approximately $30 total
    * Update: Firmware loaded, new TPS54625. Cypress EZ-USB FX2 not responding on that one?
  * Bring to an AV hack event, open hardware FPGA-based video interface

* Bank account signatories
  * Attended as planned, Patrick and Margaret added as signatories, Margaret's amended card received and activated
    * Patrick's card is with Benjamin until pickup

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM.

## 7. New General Business

## 8. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:17.
