---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-05-18
date: 2021-05-18
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Margaret at 19:49
* Present: James, Margaret, Peter, Nick
* Apologies: Paul, Benjamin. Patrick
* Absent: 
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-04-20-minutes.md
  * Proposed Margaret, seconded Nick, passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-06-15 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-05-17 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $313.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Debit card (old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year (Expired start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $186.85 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4212.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4753.77 (was $4886.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $84.50 this month, $40.00 last, $242.50 this year
    * Expense
      * $10.75 this month, $0.00 last, $234.94 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $73.75 this month, $40.00 last, ($7.56) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Income
          * $60 cash entrance fees received at Car Rally
      * Expense
          * $44 cash spent on prizes/food
      * Payables
        * $0.00
      * Receivables
        * $16.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * Transfers
        * $0.00

* Membership Situation as of 2021-05-18 (Margaret)
    3 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2021-04-20 (Margaret)
    x Current Paid Members 32, previous month was 33
    x Overdue Members 1, previous month was 0
    x Expired Members 308, previous month was 308
    x Members on meetup.com 450, previous month 452

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
    
  * May
    * 2021-05-09 1200--1600 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2021-05-09 1200--1600 admin busy bee
        * SSL cert - updated
        * Lastpass - Margaret now has access
        * Website uploads
          * Hugo builds with Github Actions into gh-pages branch, TODO: deploy to www.plug.org.au
          * https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/tree/gh-pages
        * Mailing lists: plug-announce, jobs
          * too many low volume lists?
        * ACTION: Peter/Nick: update committee position email aliases @plug.org.au
        
    * Second Tuesday 2021-05-11 Talk: JamesH about Editing Video with code (GStreamer Editing Services)
       * 12 attendees
       * Video streamed live, uploaded to youtube
    * Sunday 2021-05-16 AV hack afternoon@JamesH, with NB, PC, HMC, NN
      * Packed box: PLUG_AV_NODE_1 + mixer + tripod
      * 2x AV laptop batteries reported dead, bought 1x replacement https://batteryexpert.com.au/Vostro+3750/dell-vostro-3750-replacement-battery.html AUD$36.95
      * hdmi2usb $22 https://www.austin.net.au/simplecom-da315-hdmi-to-usb-2-0-video-capture-card-full-hd-1080p-for-live-streaming-recording.html
      * 2x Spare, short/about 50cm, XLR M-F cable (maybe to blame for crackling?)
      * Missing AV adaptors? Sistema mini-tub
        * Need 3.5" to 6.5" audio for headphone monitoring of mixer
      * USB3 pigtail or hub
      * 6-way? powerboard?
      * Ethernet cables: 2m/6m/15m?
        * `apt install v4l-utils pavucontrol`
      * Need bootable USB backup
      * TODO: PLUG_AV_NODE_2 + mixer + tripod

* Forthcoming events
  * May
    * 2021-05-31 PLUG in the Pub
      * Broken Hill Hotel, Victoria Park
      * ACTION: Done: James: update meetup
  * June
    * Second Tuesday 2021-06-08 Benjamin on riff.cc
      * ACTION: ?? : update meetup
    * Second Sunday 2021-06-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
  * July
    * Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2021-07-13 
      * ACTION: Margaret to email callout for lightning talks - request slides to be provided in advance
    * 2021-07-xx PLUG in the Pub
  * August
    * Quiz Night in August? Ben to MC.
      * Paul is happy to help organise
      * Sponsors wanted
        * ACTION: Margaret to email list 
      * If others want to help, let us know
      * Moved from May - needs more prep time?

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Little Island Brewing, CBD
    * The Hampden, Nedlands
    * https://www.obh.com.au/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
  * Note update everything from Google Calendar (master)
  * ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders
  * ACTION: Paul happy to keep meetup.com up to date
  * ACTION: Benjamin: Will keep facebook.com up to date
  * ACTION: All: calendar, backup where needed
  * ACTION: Done x2: investigate promoting on Twitter (Official [plugorgau](https://twitter.com/plugorgau) user)
    * Password has been reset and provided to all present at April committee meeting
    * But password reset was requested again on 2021-05-17
      * ACTION: Benjamin: Tweet June meeting notice
  * LUGcomms
    * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/lugcomms/2021-March/000295.html
    * Timezones - maybe we should host in winter/non-DST

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* Domain name issue
  * .org.au holders need documentation of incorporation?
  * ACTION: Nick followup with Tim:
    * Emailed 2021-05-17, plug.org.au looks good in whois as "Eligibility Type: Incorporated Association"
    * Renewal is due 2021-07-02, will renew automatically 30 days before

* Bank account signatories
  * Patrick's card is with Benjamin until pickup

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements

## 6. New General Business

* AV budget
  * MOTION: To authorize a $300 initial budget for audio-visual equipment, with any bank account signatory having authority to spend and/or reimburse from it.
    * Proposed Nick, seconded James, passed unanimously
    * Please post receipts to committee list
    * Items previously purchased are included in this limit:
      * replacement rectifier for Opsis hdmi2usb board
      * replacement battery for main AV laptop

* ACTION: Nick: Update BBB friendly URL, test after this meeting: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug

* Communications - if you do something that will result in an email to committee@plug.org.au (e.g. make a purchase on PLUG's behalf, request a password reset), please send an email to committee@plug.org.au so that we know it is genuine. 

## 7. Meeting closed by Margaret at 21:40.
