---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-08-24
date: 2021-08-24
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Benjamin at 19:39
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Patrick, Benjamin (until 20:30), Peter
* Apologies:
* Absent: Paul
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-07-20-minutes.md
  * Note that there was a minor error in the information presented at the meeting - the date for the Membership Trends should be 2021-07-20
  * Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Patrick
  * Passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-09-21 19:30
   
## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-08-23 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $391.30 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $183.14 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4156.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4772.26 (was $4846.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $104.50 this month, $100.00 last, $638.50 this year
    * Expense
      * $47.70 this month, $44.00 last, $610.65 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $56.80 this month, $56.00 last, $27.85 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Receivables
        * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * Unreconciled
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
          * Income vs Total Assets
      * Discrepancies reconciled

* Membership Situation as of 2021-08-24 (Margaret)
  - 4 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2021-08-24 (Margaret)
  - Current Paid Members 25, previous month was 25
  - Overdue Members 6, previous month was 7
  - Expired Members 310, previous month was 309
  - Members on meetup.com 462, previous month 458

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
   
* June
    * ACTION: get James some credentials to upload original meeting recordings
        * DONE

 * July
   * 2021-07-26 PLUG in the Pub
       * Little Island Brewing, CBD (The Island Brew House)
       * Suggest next year's July PLUG Pub is one with a car park
 * August
    * Second Tuesday 2021-08-10
      * Chris McCormick
        * Title: Free Software vs commercial - why not both?
        * Description: a survey of some ways people are building sustainable businesses on top of FLOSS.
        * 14 in-person attendees, plus some online
        * We have had a request from Yuchen for the recording
        * Worked! Displaying with avmaster on the HDMI/VGA projector
          * hdmi2usb camera capture to James' laptop, BBB client
          * Latency pretty good:
            * wireless mike -> mixer USB -> laptop -> wifi -> meetings.ucc.asn.au -> wifi -> monitor laptop < 500ms
          * Bad cat5 cable
          * Missing USB-C -> HDMI dongle to display with presenter laptop
          * Some mixer complications, portable mini-replacement not bought yet
            * Xenyx X1204USB bad/noisy channel 1? Has happened before, but intermittently
            * Need another end-to-end monitor

* Forthcoming events
  * September
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH
      * Hosts Stephen Price, Damon Perry
    * Second Tuesday timeslot
      * General hack session? Installfest?
      * Apologies: Nick
        * RFID card access - Patrick, Margaret
        * Equipment needed - Patrick
        * ACTION: James to update calendar and Meetup
        * ACTION: organise food/drink options Margaret & Patrick
        * https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug should be available as normal, is a meeting admin available?
        * https://jitsi.perthchat.org/ can be a backup, see Jitsi meets
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Thursday 23rd September 
      * ACTION: Patrick to book the Pirate Bar
  * October
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH   2021-10-10
      * Hosts Nick, Damon Perry
    * Second Tuesday Quiz Night 2021-10-12
        * Non-zero venue hire fee -> charge attendees $5 members, $10 non-members?
          * Cash, bank transfer, square reader?
        * Margaret to MC
        * Generous Squire Shafto Lane, Perth
          * $150 venue hire, has HDMI TV
          * Booked - payment not needed until 2 weeks before
          * Do we want to order platters? No
        * Paul is happy to help organise
        * Margaret can contribute all questions
        * Sponsors wanted
          * ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed.
        * If others want to help, let us know
        * MOTION: Allocate budget $200 to spend on quiz prizes
          * Proposed: Margaret, seconded Nick
            * Passed without dissent

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * email plug@plug.org.au to see if anyone wants to give a talk
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
    
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: http://www.paddo.com.au/
    * The Hampden, Nedlands: https://thehampden.com.au/
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * tweetdeck credentials - done!

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Bank account signatories
  * Patrick's card: delivered!

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Margaret to phone Bendigo

* Harry - reimbursement, see recent email
    * Committee agrees this can be reimbursed as membership for AV repairs and incidental expenses
    * ACTION: Peter to email Harry
    * Harry insisted on paying for this years renewal at the August meeting, as he felt he hadn't yet earned a free year - will claim against next years

## 6. New General Business

* meetup.com renewal 2021-07-11 -- 2022-01-11
  * USD$16.49/month +GST -> AUD$140, paid 2021-07-27
* Some spam emails are being sent to plug-owner@plug.org.au/committee-owner@plug.org.au. Is there anyway to automatically discard these?
  * Mostly...
  * Mailman upgrade would help

## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 20:49.
