---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20
date: 2021-07-20
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Margaret, Patrick, Nick, Peter
* Apologies: Benjamin
* Absent: James, Paul
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Nick
  * Passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2021-08-24 19:30
  * (postponed 1 week) 

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2021-07-19 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $353.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $189.94 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4246.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4830.86 (was $4846.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $106.00 this month, $160.00 last, $588.50 this year
    * Expense
      * $32.32 this month, $115.64 last, $463.85 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $73.68 this month, $44.36 last, $124.65 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Receivables
        * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * Unreconciled
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
          * $31.00 previously held as float
            potentially reducing donation income this month
          * Income vs Total Assets
    ACTION: Peter to investigate Gnucash discrepancies

* Membership Situation as of 2021-07-20 (Margaret)
  - 2 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of ~~2021-06-15~~ (Margaret) [EDIT: Date was 2021-07-20]
  - Current Paid Members 25, previous month was 32
  - Overdue Members 7, previous month was 3
  - Expired Members 309, previous month was 307
  - Members on meetup.com 458, previous month 454

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
   
* June
    * ACTION: get James some credentials to upload original meeting recordings
        * Still TODO
        * Some recordings in S3 storage

 * July
    * Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2021-07-13 
      * Three lightning talks, including an online speaker
      * More issues with AV equipment
      * Can we get a more direct alternative speaker microphone?
      * Wanted: build up node2 and node3
      * Streamline with a small mixer that would take XLR microphones
      * 6 attendees in person, plus online speaker

* Forthcoming events
   * 2021-07-26 PLUG in the Pub
       * Little Island Brewing, CBD (The Island Brew House)
       * Florence Hummerston Building, 1 Valdura Place, Elizabeth Quay, Perth WA 6000
       * https://www.theislandeq.com.au/
       
    * ACTION: Margaret to update calendar **DONE**
    * ACTION: James to update MeetUp **DONE**
  * August
    * Second Tuesday 2021-08-10
      * Chris McCormick has expressed interest in giving a talk (email 2021-06-20)
      * Has just provided more info
        * Title: Free Software vs commercial - why not both?
        * Description: a survey of some ways people are building sustainable businesses on top of FLOSS.
          * ACTION Margaret to confirm with Chris, and get permission to stream and record via BBB
  * September
    * General hack session? Installfest?
    * Gaming on Linux?
  * October
    * Quiz Night? Ben to MC.
        * Prince Lane Bar? 356 Murray St, Perth (previously Carnegie's)
        * ACTION: Margaret to ring for more details and book if appropriate
        * Generous Squire? Shafto Lane, Perth
          * $150 venue hire, has HDMI TV
        * ACTION: Margaret to contact Generous Squire - done
      * Paul is happy to help organise
      * Margaret can contribute all questions
      * Sponsors wanted
        * ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed.
      * If others want to help, let us know

* Future:
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: http://www.paddo.com.au/
    * The Hampden, Nedlands: https://thehampden.com.au/
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising

* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
    * Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Bank account signatories
  * Patrick's card is with Benjamin until pickup

* Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html

## 6. New General Business

  * Vince - membership
    * ACTION: Nick will followup
  * Harry - reimbursement, see recent email
    * Committee agrees this can be reimbursed as membership for AV repairs and incidental expenses
    * ACTION: Peter to email Harry

## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:14.
