---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-06-21
date: 2022-06-21
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:41
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
  * (backup https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy)
* Present: James, Patrick, Margaret, Peter, Benjamin
* Apologies: Nick
* Absent: 
* Guest: 


## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-05-17-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Margaret, seconded by James
  * Passed without Dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2022-07-19 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2022-06-20 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $543.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $177.90 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3526.89 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * $28.00 cash - donations from May meeting
          * To Be Confirmed
    * Total Assets
      * $4286.74 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $81.00 this month, $68.00 last, $358.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $10.00 this month, $64.29 last, $630.41 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $71.00 this month, $3.71 last, ($272.41) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
      * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  * Note that last month (May 2022) income of $20.00 was left out from the bank balance, total assets, income & net proceeds.
  * Peter has cancelled his debit card and ordered a new one.
  * Peter to purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

* Membership Situation as of 2022-06-21 (Margaret)
  - 0 new members, 3 renewals, 1 rejoined since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2022-05-17 (Margaret) 
  - Current Paid Members 30, previous month was 31
  - Overdue Members 2, previous month was 3
  - Expired Members 318, previous month was 316
  - Members on meetup.com 469, previous month 468

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * May 2022 
    * PLUG Hack afternoon 2022-05-22 13:00
      * We set up the donated ASUS laptop as a replacement AV master laptop.
      * Benjamin configured the two Beryl wifi routers to provide the PLUG Members network at events.
      * Continued to back up the old AV master laptop.
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub last Monday 2022-05-30T18:00
      * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: https://www.paddo.com.au/
      * low attendance

  * June 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-06-12T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-06-14T18:00
        * Building Websites with Hugo - presented by James Henstridge
        * https://gohugo.io/
        * Faster to load
        * Host for spare change
        * netlify: free hosting with your domain
        * Attendance: 12 in person including speaker, 2 online
        * All set up with time to spare
    * PLUG Hack afternoon Sunday 2022-06-19 13:00, Jitsi test 16:00
      * Continued to back up the old AV master laptop.
      * Benjamin documented the Beryl router setup.
      * Nick discovered replacement avmaster battery is also bad.
      * 3 attendees at Jitsi meeting (all who were also at hack arvo)
      * Next session: combine with PLUG+POSH? or Jitsi? or at any other handy time/place?

* Upcoming events
  * July 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-07-10T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-07-12T18:00
      * Panel discussions:
        * Privacy: phones, web browsing, extensions, NoScript/yesScript/libreJS, auto cookie destroyer, private+guest windows, disposable email address including privaterelay.appleid.com/iCloud mail , search engines, uBlock Origin, TOR
        * https://libredd.it/r/degoogle/comments/rosdbu/100_foss_smartphone_hardening_nonroot_guide_40/ ?
        * Idea: create a hedgedoc containing discussion topics. Let audience edit, and have someone lead conversation. Send out hedgedoc link in advance for people to propose topics.
        * ACTION: James to update the calendar
    * AV Hack arvo: Sunday 2022-07-17
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub: last Monday 2022-07-25T18:00
      * Gage Roads, "A" Shed, Fremantle
        * https://gageroads.com.au/
        * > Open every day from 11am till late. No bookings needed, just come on down

  * August 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-08-09T18:00
    * Second Sunday 2022-08-14T12:00 PLUG+POSH

  * September 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-09-11T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-09-13T18:00
    * Fourth? Last? Thursday 2022-09-22? 2022-09-29? happy hour from 17:30 at https://piratebar.com.au/ ?
      * Nick: or replace with a quiz night? is it enough lead time to get some sponsors?

* Future:
  * Quiz?
    * gratis functions at https://www.captainstirlinghotel.com.au/functions
  * Wanted: Small organisation documentation and minutes workflow, hedgedoc, git, Hugo
    * good for other meetup users
    * Someone??? and Nick can help document what we're doing
  * Panel discussions:
    * TV on Linux, vs Smart TVs, MythTV, Kodi, DLNA, modern Chromecast - Android (old was ChromeOS)...
    * Running retro browsers/Java for XUL extensions, Java jnlp remote consoles, snaps
    * Retro gaming
    * Low power, playdate: crank input device, solar, ...
  * Benjamin: torrent2ipfs (github.com/zorlin/torrent2ipfs), IPFS Cluster, MooseFS for Proxmox (? Possible)
  * Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview
    * Permissions/moderator/presenter
    * Uploading slides/office documents
    * Shared Whiteboard
     * ACTION - Margaret to investigate BBB documentation
       * In progress - second draft of guide for speakers (now with screenshots!)is in github (https://plugorgau.github.io/projects/video/speaker)
    * ACTION - Margaret to email a "call for speakers"
    
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/
    * Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
      * https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/
      * https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul or Peter will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as payid (also ABN?)

* Meetup - can we get renewal emails sent to committee@plug.org.au, and use PLUG debit card to pay?
    * Discuss for 10 minutes at next ~~AV hack session~~ opportunity?
    * vs: consolidate with Artifactory
      * MOTION: Take the actions necessary to consolidate PLUG and the Artifactory's meetup.com group subscriptions and share the costs
        * Proposed by Nick, seconded by Margaret
        * For: 3, Against: 0, Abstain: 1. Passed: 

* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible, due April
  * ACTION: Peter: link PLUG debit card to rsync.net account
* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due?
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly
* aws.amazon.com
  * ACTION: Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag
  * Maybe 2022-08?
* Alternative/backup Spacecubed venue at FLUX - see email from Isidora
  * Margaret has emailed Isidora about viewing the room but has had no reply 
* Nick: $9.55: Post satchel reimbursement: avmaster battery RMA
  * MOTION: Reimburse Nick for the costs incurred with failed battery RMA
    * Proposed by Peter, seconded by Nick
    * Passed without dissent
    * DONE
## 6. New General Business
 * ACTION : Patrick to email Paul about lapsed membership
 * Replacement sign for door
   ACTION: Margaret to email PDF to Patrick.* 
## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:05
