---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-11-15
date: 2022-11-15
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Nick at 19:40
  * VENUE: https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy
* Present: Nick, Margaret, Niall, Peter, Patrick
* Apologies: James, Benjamin
* Absent:
* Guest: 


## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-10-18-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Margaret seconded by Nick 
  * Passed without Dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2023-01-17 19:30
    * Provisional, to be confirmed by new committee after AGM

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2022-11-14 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $598.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)
    * Business Debit Card
      * 181.95 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3545.89 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)
    * Receivables
      * $13.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      * $5.00 owed by Peter for Quiz Night
      * $5.00 owed by Niall for Quiz Night
      Total Assets
      * $4367.79 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month, $40.00 last, $556.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $9.95 last, $752.36 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $0.00 this month, $30.05 last, ($196.36) this year
  * Quiz Night (Provisional)
      * $15.00 income, $0.00 expenses = $15.00 net proceeds
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
      * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  * Peter still to purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

* Membership Situation as of 2022-11-15 (Margaret)
  -  0 new members, 1 returned, 0 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2022-11-15 (Margaret) 
  - Current Paid Members 29, previous month was 29
  - Overdue Members 2, previous month was 1
  - Expired Members 319, previous month was 320
  - Members on meetup.com 479, previous month 472

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events: 

  * October 2022
    * Tuesday 2022-10-25
      * RedHat sponsored event at Belgian Beer Cafe
        * Followup from https://www.meetup.com/Ansible-Perth/messages/boards/thread/53617471#133405707 on 2022-06-27
        * ACTION: Benjamin messaged today to followup RedHat: Done

  * November 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-11-08
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub with a quiz night
    * Second Sunday 2022-11-13T12:00 PLUG+POSH

* Upcoming events
  * December 2022
    * Xmas BBQ: Second Sunday 2022-12-11 11:00 - 14:00, BBQ at midday, then PLUG+POSH
      * Usual place in King's Park: May Drive Parkland, "Look for Tux"
      * To bring:
          * Burgers/Sausages - Niall
          * Onions - Niall
          * Cheese Slices - Peter
          * Bread rolls - Niall
          * Oil - Niall
          * Kitchen roll - Margaret
          * Sauces - Margaret
          * Salad - Margaret
          * Plates and cutlery - Margaret
          * BBQ implements - Margaret
          * Esky - Patrick
          * Ice - Patrick
          * Drinks - Patrick
    * ACTION: Nick: create meetup event

  * January 2023
    * Second Sunday 2023-01-08T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2023-01-10T19:00 AGM
      * We should be able to use the Town Hall for this.
      * ACTION: Margaret to send official notice and call for nominations to all financial members, followed by announcement on plug mailing list
        * Bulk mail to current members in UGMM will go out first, then:
          * plug@plug.org.au
      * Pizza ?
    * Last Monday 2023-01-30 PLUG in the Pub


* Future:
  * Sarah: Plan for a talk; then a followup related outing e.g. robotics and rawmatter.io ROS2
  * Format: Panel/round table hosted by ...!
  * Jasper: alternative phone ROMs
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023);
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Potential speaker - Locutus - Ian Clarke (Contact)

* Wishlist
  * Wanted: Small organisation documentation and minutes workflow, hedgedoc, git, Hugo
    * good for other meetup users
    * Someone??? and Nick can help document what we're doing
  * Best of Conferences/other Talks
    * LCA/Libreplanet/CCC/FOSDEM/Debconf/Ubuntu/GUADEC/...
  * Local or visiting tech personalities
    * Dedicated HDMI passthrough capture of laptop screen
      * Check framerate
    * Opsis, plus buy spare for node 2/3
  * Local tech visits a la dug.com, ICRAR, Pawsey, rawmatter.io
    * Incentive: Recruitment/careers
    * Promotion&marketing
  * Lightning talks
    * Topics:
      * Software:
        * Major applications, tutorials?: Inkscape, Blender, Git, development, CAD/CAM/CNC
        * Utilities: backup, network, benchmark, productivity, security and password vaults
        * Games
        * Self-hosting services/webapps
      * Hardware: Laptops, Desktops, GPUs
        * Electronics and design
      * Firmware: Coreboot, Wifi, CPU management engines/secure elements SGX/TrustZone
    * Enforce the format a bit more
    * Speaker runsheets? PDF slides in advance
    * All in person? vs all remote on a single evening
      * switching modes after setup can take too long 
    * countdown timer
  * Panel discussions:
    * TV on Linux, vs Smart TVs, MythTV, Kodi, DLNA, modern Chromecast - Android (old was ChromeOS)...
    * Running retro browsers/Java for XUL extensions, Java jnlp remote consoles, snaps
    * Retro gaming
    * Low power, playdate: crank input device, solar, ...
  * Benjamin: torrent2ipfs (github.com/zorlin/torrent2ipfs), IPFS Cluster, MooseFS for Proxmox (? Possible)
  * Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview
    * Permissions/moderator/presenter
    * Uploading slides/office documents
    * Shared Whiteboard
      
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/
    * Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
      * https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/
      * https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/
    * https://www.piratelife.com.au/perth Tue-Sat 440 Murray St, Perth

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Paul: meetup.com: consolidate paid subscription with Artifactory, as confirmed on 2022-05-17
  * Status: ready to ACTION, confirmed with Paul 2022-06-20, email 2022-07-19

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul or Peter will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as PayID 

* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible, due April
  * ACTION: Peter: link PLUG debit card to rsync.net account
* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due?
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly
* aws.amazon.com
  * ACTION: Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz?
    * early 2023 talk?

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION:Margaret to investigate how to update our details
        * On hold till contact person returns to choir 

## 6. New General Business

* GenghisCon (email from John McCabe-Dansted, 2022-11-03)
* ACTION: Margaret to email John with a provisional yes, and ask for more detail



## 7. Meeting closed by Nick at 20:30
