---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-07-19
date: 2022-07-19
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:37
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
  * (backup https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy)
* Present: Nick, James, Margaret, Patrick, Peter
* Apologies: 
* Absent: Benjamin
* Guest: 


## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-06-21-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Patrick, seconded by James
  * Passed without Dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2022-08-16 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2022-07-18 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $578.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $200.00 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3430.89 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)
    * Receivables
      * $13.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      Total Assets
      * $4250.84 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $51.00 this month, $98.00 last, $426.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $103.90 this month, $10.00 last, $734.31 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($52.90) this month, $88.00 last, ($308.31) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
      * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  * Peter has received and activated a new debit card.
  * Peter to purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

* Membership Situation as of 2022-07-19 (Margaret)
  - 0 new members, 3 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2022-07-19 (Margaret) 
  - Current Paid Members 30, previous month was 30
  - Overdue Members 2, previous month was 2
  - Expired Members 318, previous month was 318
  - Members on meetup.com 466, previous month 469

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * July 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-07-10T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-07-12T18:00
      * Panel discussions:
        * Privacy: phones, web browsing, extensions
        * Late start
        * 5 attendees in person, one online
        * Lots added to hedgedoc
 
    * AV Hack arvo: Sunday 2022-07-17
       * Old avmaster laptop has been upgraded to Ubuntu 22.04 so it can run BBB recording sessions. Old video recordings transferred back to its hard drive.
       * We are closer to having a second set of recording gear that could live at another PLUG member's house as a backup.
       * Harry worked on his USB controlled tally light board.
       * Decided to meet next month at the PLUG+POSH afternoon.
    
* Upcoming events
  * July 2022
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub: last Monday 2022-07-25T18:00
      * Gage Roads, "A" Shed, Fremantle
        * https://gageroads.com.au/
        * > Open every day from 11am till late. No bookings needed, just come on down

  * August 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-08-09T18:00
      * Filling out our default event runsheet
        * Default: AV setup and teardown
        * Thankyou to the venue (webpage, PDF or slideshow), about PLUG
          * how to join
          * PLUG links and resources
        * Best-of conference video screening
        * Lightning talk slot **always** available
      * Test alternate audio routing: remote-speaker workflow, with return channel from audience to speaker
      * Leave early for drinks or snacks?
    * ACTION: by midnight Wednesday ( 2022-07-20T23:59+0800 ) , suggest a best-of screening
    * Second Sunday 2022-08-14T12:00 PLUG+POSH

  * September 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-09-11T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-09-13T18:00
    * Fourth Thursday 2022-09-22 happy hour from 17:30 at https://piratebar.com.au/ ?

  * October 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-10-09T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-10-11

  * November 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-11-013T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday
      * Nick: replace second Tuesday + PLUG-in-the-Pub with a quiz night? is it enough lead time to get some sponsors?

* Future:
  * Quiz?
    * gratis functions at https://www.captainstirlinghotel.com.au/functions
  * Wanted: Small organisation documentation and minutes workflow, hedgedoc, git, Hugo
    * good for other meetup users
    * Someone??? and Nick can help document what we're doing
  * Best of Conferences/other Talks
    * LCA/Libreplanet/CCC/FOSDEM/Debconf/Ubuntu/GUADEC/...
  * Local or visiting tech personalities
    * Dedicated HDMI passthrough capture of laptop screen
      * Check framerate
    * Opsis, plus buy spare for node 2/3
  * Local tech visits a la dug.com, ICRAR, Pawsey
    * Incentive: Recruitment/careers
    * Promotion&marketing
  * Lightning talks
    * Topics:
      * Software:
        * Major applications, tutorials?: Inkscape, Blender, Git, development, CAD/CAM/CNC
        * Utilities: backup, network, benchmark, productivity, security and password vaults
        * Games
        * Self-hosting services/webapps
      * Hardware: Laptops, Desktops, GPUs
        * Electronics and design
      * Firmware: Coreboot, Wifi, CPU management engines/secure elements SGX/TrustZone
    * Enforce the format a bit more
    * Speaker runsheets? PDF slides in advance
    * All in person? vs all remote on a single evening
      * switching modes after setup can take too long 
    * countdown timer
  * Panel discussions:
    * TV on Linux, vs Smart TVs, MythTV, Kodi, DLNA, modern Chromecast - Android (old was ChromeOS)...
    * Running retro browsers/Java for XUL extensions, Java jnlp remote consoles, snaps
    * Retro gaming
    * Low power, playdate: crank input device, solar, ...
  * Benjamin: torrent2ipfs (github.com/zorlin/torrent2ipfs), IPFS Cluster, MooseFS for Proxmox (? Possible)
  * Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview
    * Permissions/moderator/presenter
    * Uploading slides/office documents
    * Shared Whiteboard
     * ACTION - Margaret to investigate BBB documentation
       * In progress - second draft of guide for speakers (now with screenshots!)is in github (https://plugorgau.github.io/projects/video/speaker)
    * ACTION - Margaret to email a "call for speakers"
      * EOI from Yuchen Pei, without committing himself 
    
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/
    * Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
      * https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/
      * https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/
    * https://www.piratelife.com.au/perth Tue-Sat 440 Murray St, Perth

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul or Peter will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as payid (also ABN?)

* Meetup - can we get renewal emails sent to committee@plug.org.au, and use PLUG debit card to pay?
    * Discuss for 10 minutes at next ~~AV hack session~~ opportunity?
    * vs: consolidate with Artifactory
      * MOTION: Take the actions necessary to consolidate PLUG and the Artifactory's meetup.com group subscriptions and share the costs
        * Proposed by Nick, seconded by Margaret
        * For: 3, Against: 0, Abstain: 1. Passed: 

* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible, due April
  * ACTION: Peter: link PLUG debit card to rsync.net account
* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due?
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly
* aws.amazon.com
  * ACTION: Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag
  * Maybe 2022-08?
* Alternative/backup Spacecubed venue at FLUX - see email from Isidora
  * Margaret has met with Isidora and viewed the room. Smaller than the Vault, same facilties but no parking, just a loading bay. Potential backup if Vault unavailable. Isidora will add events to Spacecubed calendar if we email her a link to the meetup event once it has been created. 

 ACTION : Patrick to email Paul about lapsed membership
 * Replacement sign for door
   ACTION: Margaret to email PDF to Patrick. DONE 
   
## 6. New General Business

## 7. Meeting closed by Nick at 21:28
