---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-08-16
date: 2022-08-16
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39
  * VENUE: https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy
* Present: James, Margaret, Nick, Patrick, Peter
* Apologies: Benjamin
* Absent: 
* Guest: Sarah


## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-07-19-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Nick, seconded by Margaret
  * Passed without Dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2022-09-20 19:30

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2022-08-15 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $578.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $191.90 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3440.89 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)
    * Receivables
      * $13.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
      Total Assets
      * $4252.74 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $10.00 this month, $51.00 last, $436.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $112.00 last, $742.41 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $10.00 this month, ($61.00) last, ($306.41) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
      * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  * Peter to purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

* Membership Situation as of 2022-08-16 (Margaret)
  -  0 new members, 2 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2022-08-16 (Margaret) 
  - Current Paid Members 28, previous month was 30
  - Overdue Members 3, previous month was 2
  - Expired Members 319, previous month was 318
  - Members on meetup.com 470, previous month 466

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * July 2022
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub: last Monday 2022-07-25T18:00
      * Gage Roads, "A" Shed, Fremantle
        * https://gageroads.com.au/
        * > Open every day from 11am till late. No bookings needed, just come on down
        * Breezy warehouse areas, al fresco in season

  * August 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-08-09T18:00
      * General discussion on future events 
      * James hacking on: calendar cross-check tool

    * Second Sunday 2022-08-14T12:00 PLUG+POSH

* Upcoming events
 
  * September 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-09-11T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-09-13T18:00
      * Peter would prefer a speaker
      * Backup plans: Lightning talks? Best-of video screening?
        * James has a lightning talk WIP
        * Margaret re: Code generators?
    * Fourth Thursday 2022-09-22 happy hour from 17:30 at https://piratebar.com.au/ ?

  * October 2022
    * Second Sunday 2022-10-09T12:00 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2022-10-11
      * RedHat sponsored event?
        * Followup from https://www.meetup.com/Ansible-Perth/messages/boards/thread/53617471#133405707 on 2022-06-27
        * ACTION: Benjamin and/or Nick to followup RedHat

  * November 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-11-08
      * Nick: replace second Tuesday + PLUG-in-the-Pub with a quiz night? is it enough lead time to get some sponsors?
        * Questions: Sarah, Niall, location booking SMA, Patrick has general knowledge questions
          * All are volunteer MCs
      * ACTION: Sarah will make booking
        * Preferably not Wed, Fri
    * Second Sunday 2022-11-13T12:00 PLUG+POSH

  * December 2022
    * Xmas BBQ: Second Sunday 2022-12-11? then PLUG+POSH
      * Usual place in King's Park: May Drive Parkland

  * January 2023

* Future:
  * Sarah: Plan for a talk; then a followup related outing e.g. robotics and rawmatter.io ROS2
  * Format: Panel/round table hosted by ...!
  * Jasper: alternative phone ROMs
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023); Code generators (October if we are desperate)?
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Quiz?
    * gratis functions at https://www.captainstirlinghotel.com.au/functions

* Wishlist
  * Wanted: Small organisation documentation and minutes workflow, hedgedoc, git, Hugo
    * good for other meetup users
    * Someone??? and Nick can help document what we're doing
  * Best of Conferences/other Talks
    * LCA/Libreplanet/CCC/FOSDEM/Debconf/Ubuntu/GUADEC/...
  * Local or visiting tech personalities
    * Dedicated HDMI passthrough capture of laptop screen
      * Check framerate
    * Opsis, plus buy spare for node 2/3
  * Local tech visits a la dug.com, ICRAR, Pawsey, rawmatter.io
    * Incentive: Recruitment/careers
    * Promotion&marketing
  * Lightning talks
    * Topics:
      * Software:
        * Major applications, tutorials?: Inkscape, Blender, Git, development, CAD/CAM/CNC
        * Utilities: backup, network, benchmark, productivity, security and password vaults
        * Games
        * Self-hosting services/webapps
      * Hardware: Laptops, Desktops, GPUs
        * Electronics and design
      * Firmware: Coreboot, Wifi, CPU management engines/secure elements SGX/TrustZone
    * Enforce the format a bit more
    * Speaker runsheets? PDF slides in advance
    * All in person? vs all remote on a single evening
      * switching modes after setup can take too long 
    * countdown timer
  * Panel discussions:
    * TV on Linux, vs Smart TVs, MythTV, Kodi, DLNA, modern Chromecast - Android (old was ChromeOS)...
    * Running retro browsers/Java for XUL extensions, Java jnlp remote consoles, snaps
    * Retro gaming
    * Low power, playdate: crank input device, solar, ...
  * Benjamin: torrent2ipfs (github.com/zorlin/torrent2ipfs), IPFS Cluster, MooseFS for Proxmox (? Possible)
  * Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview
    * Permissions/moderator/presenter
    * Uploading slides/office documents
    * Shared Whiteboard
      
  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/
    * Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
      * https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/
      * https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/
    * https://www.piratelife.com.au/perth Tue-Sat 440 Murray St, Perth

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Paul: meetup.com: consolidate paid subscription with Artifactory, as confirmed on 2022-05-17
  * Status: ready to ACTION, confirmed with Paul 2022-06-20, email 2022-07-19

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul or Peter will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as PayId 

* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible, due April
  * ACTION: Peter: link PLUG debit card to rsync.net account
* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due?
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly
* aws.amazon.com
  * ACTION: Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag
  * Maybe 2022-08? 

 ACTION : Patrick to email Paul about lapsed membership
 * Replacement sign for door
   ACTION: Margaret to email PDF to Patrick. DONE 

## 6. New General Business
  * Co-opt replacement committee member?
      * ACTION: Margaret to see if he is willing. 
  * New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
 

## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 20:34
