---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2022-02-15
date: 2022-02-15
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:43 
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Patrick, Margaret, Nick, James, Peter, Benjamin(from 20:04 to 20:26)
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent:
* Guest: Fraser

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2022-01-18-minutes.md

  * Comment - expired members was actually 314 on that date
  * Proposed by Patrick, seconded by Nick
  * Passed without Dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2022-03-15 19:30
   
## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $473.95 current, $446.30 start of year ($694.60 start 2021)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $96.52 current, $200.00 start of year ($266.00 start 2021)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3955.20 current, $3885.20 start of year ($3801.47 start 2021)
    * Receivables
    * Total Assets
      * $4498.02 (was $4531.50 start of year) ($4846.53 start 2021)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $30.00 this month, $40.00 last, $70.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $5.50 this month, $97.98 last, $103.48 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $24.50 this month, ($57.98) last, ($33.48) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
        * $157.00 to Paul for Meetup Fee 2022-01-11--2022-07-11 (TBA)
      * Receivables
        * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
        * Taken back at AGM? (to check)
      * Transfers
        * $103.48 to Debit card (Approved)
      * Unreconciled
        * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box

* Membership Situation as of 2022-02-14 (Margaret)
  - 2 new members (one is possibly an expired member from 2005 rejoining), 2 renewals since last committee meeting

* Membership trends as of 2022-02-14 (Margaret) 
  - Current Paid Members 32, previous month was 30
  - Overdue Members 2, previous month was 2
  - Expired Members 314, previous month was 314
  - Members on meetup.com 462, previous month 464

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * January 2022
    * Wednesday 2022-01-19 PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Bull Creek Tavern

  * February 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-02-08
      * Alastair Irvine - Toolbelt: install almost anything (in theory)
      * 8 attendees + speaker                         
      * Might be useful to have a guide for speakers on using BigBlueButton
      * ACTION - Margaret to investigate BBB documentation
      * Audio glitches, mostly at start: network? but very little jitter/loss overall
        * Clipping between voice-activity detection
        * Lapel microphone helps a lot, need in each AV node?
        * Real install, configure persistent settings
      * Checklist: post meeting transcode, then title the recording and switch to Public listing

    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2022-02-13
      * do a talk at that venue? hardware based?

* Upcoming events:
  * February 2022
    * AV Hack session
      * Date TBD: http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2022-February/084653.html

  * March 2022
    * Second Tuesday 2022-03-08 - Linux/hardware workshop?
      * Potlatch Compote Smörgåsbord
      * Project or theme
        * James: setting up an arm64 Ubuntu Core Raspberry Pi
        * build a pihole?
        * remoting into it with VNC
        * remote to your home PC/Server :) tnx for the idea Steve
        * with updates later in the year
      * New people often show up
      * https://www.raspberrypi.org/jam/ - not currently promoting in-person events
    * PLUG-in-the-Irish-pub?
        * Discuss at next meeting, put your ideas here
        * Irish Pubs https://goo.gl/maps/o9WeNkqQwY2ofVme7
        * https://www.thegalwayhooker.com.au/
        * Monday 2022-03-28T18:00

    * PLUG Hack afternoon
      * AV hack session @CBD?
      * AV build/buy node2?
      * static templates for youtube uploads
      * next session?
      * Quick turnaround: Interaction/questions from audience with remote speaker 
        * need a low latency backchannel
        * without audio-feedback-loop
          * speaker needs to be using headphones
          * two sources in BBB recording?
          * test directionality room microphones

* Future:
  * TODO: Paul to send our email call for talks to the plug list after Alastair's talk
  * Meta-AV-streaming: Bigbluebutton and presenter overview
    * Permissions/moderator/presenter
    * Uploading slides/office documents
    * Shared Whiteboard
  * PLUG AV hack sessions
    * Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for... ?
    * Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event
  * Hugo static site generator websites

  * PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
    * Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: http://www.paddo.com.au/
    * Ocean Beach Hotel: https://www.obh.com.au/
    * Last Drop, Beeliar? Was last there
      * 2020-11-23 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/274729531/ 
      * and 2019-05-19 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG/events/259110996/
    * Mount Henry Tavern, 27 Manning Rd, Como
      * https://www.mthenrytavern.com.au/
      * https://thehappiesthour.com/venues/perth/mount-henry-tavern/

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as payid (also ABN?)

* Problem with backups?
  ```
  Got unexpected RPC data format from server:
  This account is currently not available.
  ```
  * ACTION: James to follow up with Margaret about details of error.
  * Failed: `Date: Sun, 16 Jan 2022 06:57:25 +0800 (AWST)`
  * Worked: `Date: Tue, 18 Jan 2022 08:01:05 +0800 (AWST)`
  * `100 GB Standard Offsite Filesystem USD$18.00 per year Next billing: April 13, 2022`

* Done: Paul or Peter to read Spacecubed/Riff meetup agreement renewal for 2022
    and reply back to committee. Peter sent a FWD email from Amandine, she replied in person that it was
    * Verbally confirmed as signed, before the 2022-02-08 meeting

## 6. New General Business
* Meetup - can we get renewal emails sent to committee@plug.org.au, and use PLUG debit card to pay?
    * Discuss for 10 minutes at next AV hack session
* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible

* MOTION: Reimburse Paul for the latest 6-monthly meetup.com bill
  * Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Patrick
  * Passed without dissent
  * ( approximately $157.00 to Paul for Meetup Fee 2022-01-11--2022-07-11 (TBA) )

## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:44 from the Big Blue Button
