---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2023-10-17
date: 2023-10-17
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:47 PM
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: Peter, Nick, James, Patrick
* Apologies: Benjamin, Paul, Niall
* Absent:
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2023/09-19/

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Possible adjournment to Tuesday 2023-10-24
  * Peter can't make it
* Third Tuesday 2023-11-21 19:00 PM - In-person @James
  * Perhaps order pizza using PLUG card before meeting starts

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation end of 2023-09-18 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $679.10 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $38.68 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3404.24 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4163.03 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $40.00 this month, $0.00 last, $580.15 this year
    * Expense
      * ($57.35) this month, ($57.92) last, ($845.13) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($17.35) this month, ($57.92) last, ($254.98) this year

* Membership Situation as of 2023-09-12
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
    - Need to nudge new attendees towards formal financial membership
  - Current Paid Members 24, was 29 at AGM
  - Expired Members 329, was 320 at AGM
  - Members on meetup.com 547, was 472 at AGM
    - lost our survey questions!

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
  * September 2023
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Thursday 2023-09-28 PirateBar@Mount Hawthorn
      * ( ITLAPD-adjacent )

  * October 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH: 2023-10-08 - Artifactory
      * Infra? or Projects/AV hack?
    * Second Tuesday talk: 2023-10-10 - BenjaminIDS: EMACS for Notetaking
      * EMACS using https://orgmode.org/ for notetaking
      * ACTION: James to process the video

* Upcoming events:

  * November 2023
    * First Tuesday 2023-11-07 PLUG-in-the-Pub https://www.champstavern.com.au/whatson
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH: 2023-11-12
    * Second Tuesday 2023-11-14
      * Raspberry PI showcase - possible if organize now (events.raspberrypi.com?)
      * ACTION: Promotion, calendars, post-meeting: Patrick, James, Nick
    * Committee Meeting Online: 2023-11-21 in-person
  * December 2023
    * Xmas BBQ? with PLUG+POSH? Second Sunday 2023-12-10
      * Patrick - Salad, buns/bread, sausages, onions
      * Peter - cheese/grated cheese
      * Niall? drinks?
      * Napkins? Plates? Sunscreen?
  * January 2024
    * Second Tuesday AGM 2024-01-09
      * 25th anniversary - incorporation registered 1998-09-14
      * Budget for food: up to $100 of pizza
      * Announce that there will be food

* Future talks?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready in 2023)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work
* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* Time to raise membership?
  * Will require UGMM and website redeploys
    * Concession: 15+ 20+ 25+
    * Full: 30+ 35+ 40+ 45+ 50+
    * Starting from: 2024-01-01? 2024-01-08? 2024-01-09?
    * Feedback from mailing list? also AGM announcement
      * Reminder that concession membership is available
      * ACTION: Nick, send draft?
    * New team, new financials
  * Was last set in 2012 and some considered it too low then: http://lists.plug.org.au/pipermail/plug/2012-January/081284.html

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in Meetup/Google calendar. Can email these once confirmed
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID" ?
  * facebook?

* ACTION Peter: pay DNS 2023-06-04: Invoice 0490 from White IT Solutions
* ACTION ???: approve p.r.n. card account topup to $200

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
      * 2021 was President's address
    * Bank using Treasurer's address
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Ask Bendigo Bank again, post-AGM-2024

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: Peter to fill in online form
* https://associations.commerce.wa.gov.au/ 
  * Reports done up to 2023, next will be due post-AGM-2024-01

- ACTION: Paul: Linux Australia grant money, when have stabilised our events
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

## 6. New General Business

- Raspberry Jam event?
- upcoming Nov/Dec/Jan/Feb events
- card topup
- membership processing

## 7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 20:55

- Post-meeting busybee
  - Event calendars