---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2023-05-16
date: 2023-05-16
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Niall at 19:34 PM
  * VENUE: https://jitsi.perthchat.org/plug
* Present: James, Niall, Peter, Paul, Nick
* Apologies: Ben, Patrick
* Absent:
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2023-03-21-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Niall and seconded by James
  * Passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2023-06-20 19:30 PM - Online
  * Maybe every quarter in person, to be discussed.

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation end of 2023-05-15 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $639.50 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $110.83 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3324.25 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4115.58 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $20.00 this month, $40.00 last, $40.55 March, $170.55 this year
    * Expense
      * ($54.21) this month, ($286.96) last, ($13.76) March, ($472.98) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($34.21) this month, ($246.96) last, $26.79 March, ($302.43) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
          * $86.30 cash to be checked if already booked
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  
* Membership Situation as of 2023-02-21
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
  - Current Paid Members 28, previous month was 29
  - Overdue Members ?, previous month was ?
  - Expired Members 324, previous month was 319
  - Members on meetup.com 486, previous month 479

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
   * March 2023
    * Second Tuesday Talk 2023-03-14: SBC Jam
      * Niall: Raspberry Pi Foundation has sent us their new camera and a 1-year print subscription to [The MagPi](https://magpi.raspberrypi.com/)
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2023-03-27: feniansirishpub.com.au , Adelaide Tce, CBD

  * April 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-04-09 12-4PM at Artifactory
      * Chris, Geminii, Nick got in touch on IRC
      * Niall+Nick: Server admin
        * BBB investigation
        * Cloud bill payments
      * Chris: Trying online meeting options: Jitsi, Jami, BBB, Zoom... 
    * Second Tuesday Talk 2023-04-11
      * Wings: See a home lab that's grown too large
      * New faces, 14-15 people?
      * AV node 1 was not easy to get going
        * partial update of proprietary graphics drivers had happened in background, needed interactive upgrade to complete
        * but first, the rest of the unattended-upgrades took 30-45 minutes
          * Backup plan: Could not get audio mixer talking to presenter laptop (required too much power? and video out was fragile)
          * Backup plan: Audio mixer talked to Niall's laptop
          * No time to get AV node 1 camera running
          * No PLUG backup AV nodes or parallel setup
            * Benjamin D-S brought a camera+tripod, with ~1 hour of card recording
        * Need adaptors/dongles:
          * 12m cat5e ethernet
          * USB-C to HDMI video out
          * HDMI to USB video capture
          * USB-C to USB-A to audio mixer
      * Could not clean last phone number off sign - try acetone? cover with foil tape? another sign?

  * May 2023
    * Second Tuesday Talk: Custom Android ROMs  2023-05-09
      * Jasper: Alternative Android phone ROMs
      * Refreshments: Nick brought some
      * AV node 1 is with Nick, RFID cards with Nick+Niall
      * UCC's BigBlueButton was unreachable on the night, so we ended up recording the meeting with OBS Studio
         * Only used a single camera pointed at projector screen plus wireless mic. It was serviceable, but would have been better with a second capture card for the presenter laptop.
         * It took a little time to set up the scenes. Would need a bit more to set up dual cam scenes.
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-05-14 12-4PM
      * Above-average attendance (with huge RSVPs!)

* Upcoming events:
  * May 2023
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2023-05-29: Norfolk Fremantle

  * June 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-06-11 12-4PM
      * Debian Release Party? see below
    * Second Tuesday 2023-06-13 Talk if not Workshop.
      * ACTION: Niall will confirm with Lachlan Barker: Linux sound/audio stack
      * If not AV Workshop. OBS work and build AV node 2, 3?
      * ACTION: Refreshments?

  * July 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-07-09 12-4PM
    * Second Tuesday 2023-07-11 Talk? or workshop?
      * PLUG Admin? or AV in person workshop; build AV node 2, 3?
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2023-07-xx: Stirling Arms, Guildford? Mon 31st?
      * join/share for specials

  * August/September 2023
    * PirateBar@Mount Hawthorn / PirateLife@CBD ?
      * or both, try to align with:
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianDay Wednesday 2023-08-16 (30th anniversary, founded 1993-08-16)
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianReleases Bookworm Release Party, could be sooner, even Saturday 2023-06-10
        * ITLAPD Tuesday 2023-09-19
    * Second Tuesday 2023-08-08 Talk? or workshop?
      * use part? of timeslot to work on PLUG Admin? or AV in person workshop; build AV node 2, 3?
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-08-13 12-4PM
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-09-10 12-4PM
    * Second Tuesday 2023-09-12 Talk? or workshop?
      * use part? of timeslot to work on PLUG Admin? or AV in person workshop; build AV node 2, 3?

* Future talks?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Benjamin D-S: EMACS
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work

* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ
    * Allowing us to focus on the remainder of the items 

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: meetup.com: consolidate paid subscription with Artifactory, as confirmed on 2022-05-17
    Date: Tue, 02 May 2023 11:22:19 +0000 (UTC)
    From: Meetup <info@email.meetup.com>
    Subject: Important message about Perth Linux Users Group (PLUG)  ??????
  * 2023-05-15 status: Fletcher, plus Niall, Nick, Peter, Benjamin, James, Patrick, Stephen ?

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in Google calendar initially
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in meetup from Google calendar (tweak both as required to keep them in sync)
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID" ?
  * facebook?
  * list email?

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Niall to confirm with Bendigo Bank when account signatories process is happening

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: Margaret to investigate how to update our details
      * ACTION: Niall to reach out to Margaret and confirm.
        * On hold till contact person returns to choir

- Bank signatories: Niall, Benjamin, Nick, Peter
  - Print AGM minutes
    - Collect AGM reports (also from previous years -> website)
  - Perth? Paul + Nick + Niall

- ACTION: Paul: Linux Australia grant money, when have stablised our events.
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

## 6. New General Business

- President and Secretary to arrange going to the bank.

## 7. Meeting closed by Niall at 20:26 PM
