---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2023-06-20
date: 2023-06-20
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Niall at 19:43 PM
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
* Present: James, Niall, Nick, Patrick, Peter
* Apologies: Benjamin
* Absent: Paul
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2023-05-16-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Niall and seconded by James
  * Passed without dissent

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2023-07-18 19:30 PM - Online
  * Maybe every quarter in person, to be discussed.

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation end of 2023-06-19 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $679.10 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $196.31 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3234.25 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4150.66 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $99.60 this month, $20.00 last, $270.15 this year
    * Expense
      * ($64.52) this month, ($54.21) last, ($537.50) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $35.08 this month, ($34.21) last, $26.79 March, ($267.35) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
          * $86.30 cash to be checked if already booked
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box  

* Membership Situation as of 2023-02-21
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
  - Current Paid Members 28, previous month was 29
  - Overdue Members ?, previous month was ?
  - Expired Members 324, previous month was 319
  - Members on meetup.com 486, previous month 479

* Peter, Nick: Time for an AWS savings plan?

* ACTION: Niall: Review then refresh standing cloud budget?
  * Get firm numbers of monthly cloud spend
  * https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-11-16-minutes.md

* ACTION: Niall: Enterprise sponsors

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
  * May 2023
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2023-05-29: Norfolk Fremantle
      * Extra faces!

  * June 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-06-11 12-4PM
      * ACTION: Niall to reply
      * Review future meetup.com events, do not leave event hosts as default, RSVP "no" if a host (in particular!) cannot make it
    * Second Tuesday 2023-06-13 AV Workshop.
      * Good turnout, made up a setup/teardown runsheet
        * Niall has RFID card and AV node 1 kit
        * Nick has RFID card, two tripods and the rest
        * TODO: experiment with OBS, dual capture and mixing
      * Niall: Raspberry Pi Foundation has sent us their new camera and a 1-year print subscription to [The MagPi](https://magpi.raspberrypi.com/)
        * 2x global shutter camera, needs lenses

* Upcoming events:

  * July 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-07-09 12-4PM
    * Second Tuesday 2023-07-11 Linux sound/audio stack by Lachlan Barker
      * ACTION: Niall: bringing drinks and snacks
      * Test the runsheet, have some spare time for AV hacking (OBS?)
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Monday 2023-07-31: Stirling Arms, Guildford
      * join/share for specials

  * August/September 2023
    * PirateBar@Mount Hawthorn / PirateLife@CBD ?
      * or both, try to align with:
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianDay Wednesday 2023-08-16 (30th anniversary, founded 1993-08-16)
        * https://wiki.debian.org/DebianReleases Bookworm Release was Saturday 2023-06-10
        * ITLAPD Tuesday 2023-09-19
    * Second Tuesday 2023-08-08 Talk? or workshop?
      * PLUG Admin infrastructure hack?
      * or AV in person workshop; build AV node 2, 3?
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-08-13 12-4PM

    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-09-10 12-4PM
    * Second Tuesday 2023-09-12 Talk? or workshop?
        * Need a talk

* Future talks?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Benjamin D-S: EMACS
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work

* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ
    * Allowing us to focus on the remainder of the items

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in Google calendar initially
  * ACTION: Paul will update all events in meetup from Google calendar (tweak both as required to keep them in sync)
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID" ?
  * facebook?
  * list email?

* ACTION Peter: pay DNS 2023-06-04: Invoice 0490 from White IT Solutions

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
  * ACTION: Nick update chair@ aliases: re: "You have a new notification in AssociationsOnline for PERTH LINUX USERS GROUP INCORPORATED"
    * done!

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Bendigo bank signatories now: Niall, Peter, Paul, Benjamin, Nick, Patrick
    * New cards for Niall, Paul: delivered

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: Margaret to investigate how to update our details
      * ACTION: Niall to reach out to Margaret and confirm.
        * On hold till contact person returns to choir

- Bank signatories: Niall, Benjamin, Nick, Peter
  - Print AGM minutes
    - Collect AGM reports (also from previous years -> website)
  - Perth? Paul + Nick + Niall

- ACTION: Paul: Linux Australia grant money, when have stablised our events.
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

## 6. New General Business

## 7. Meeting closed by Niall at 21:01 PM
