---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2023-02-21
date: 2023-02-21
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Niall at 19:41PM
  * VENUE: https://jitsi.perthchat.org/plug
* Present: Paul, Niall, James, Peter, Nick
* Apologies: Patrick
* Absent: Benjamin
* Guest: -

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2023-01-17-minutes.md
  * Proposed by Paul and seconded by James
  * Passed without dissent? No, all good.

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Third Tuesday 2023-03-18 19:30 PM
  * Maybe every quarter in person, to be confirmed at next meeting.

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation end of 2023-02-21 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $598.95 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $199.12 current, $167.17 start of year ($200.00 start 2022)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3530.89 current, $3610.89 start of year ($3885.20 start 2022)
    * Receivables
      * $13.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float
    * Total Assets
      * $4369.96 (was $4418.01 start of year) ($4531.50 start 2022)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month, $70.00 last, $70.00 this year
    * Expense
      * ($150.00) this month, ($31.95) last, ($118.05) this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($150.00) this month, 101.95 last, ($48.05) this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
      * Unreconciled
          * $49.00 cash to be added to cash box
  

* Membership Situation as of 2023-02-21
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
  - Current Paid Members 28, previous month was 29
  - Overdue Members ?, previous month was ?
  - Expired Members 324, previous month was 319
  - Members on meetup.com 486, previous month 479

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
  * February 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-02-12
    * Second Tuesday Talk: No Talk.
        * No-one created a meetup event


* Upcoming events
  * March 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-03-12 12-4PM Server Admin - Mail
      * Who could attend?
    * Second Tuesday Talk 2023-03-14: SBC Jam?
      * 5 min talk from each member if they want to talk about their projects.
      * ACTION: Bring Raspberry Pi's. Paul will buy snacks if not.
      * ACTION: Paul to email committee a draft for approval.
    * Plug-in-the-Pub 2023-03-27: feniansirishpub.com.au , Adelaide Tce, CBD

  * April 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-04-09 12-4PM?
    * Talk 2023-04-11: See if we can find a speaker 1 month before? Work on Plug Admin or AV in person workshop?
    * ACTION: Niall to confirm with Aidan or Lachlan on possibility of presenting.
    

  * May 2023
    * Second Tuesday Talk 2023-05-09: ?
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-05-14 12-4PM?
    * Plug-in-the-Pub 2023-05-29: Norfolk Fremantle?

  * June 2023
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2023-06-11 12-4PM?
    * Second Tuesday 2023-06-13 Talk? or workshop?

* Future talks: 
  * Jasper: Alternative phone ROMs
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023);
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready this year)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Lachlan - Sound stack
  * Aidan - graphics work
    * ACTION: Someone to email the above?

* Paul - Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ
    * Allowing us to focus on the remainder of the items.
    

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Paul: meetup.com: consolidate paid subscription with Artifactory, as confirmed on 2022-05-17
  * Status: ready to ACTION, confirmed with Paul 2022-06-20, email 2022-07-19
  * Paul: I have confirmed auto renewal is turned off and payment is due in February 2023
  * I have a discount code I need to send through also

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Paul or Peter will update all events in meetup and sync with Google calendar

* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?

* Subcommittee: Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements - script written to extract email addresses of all current and overdue members, used for official announcement of AGM and call for nominations.

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * ACTION: Peter to visit branch and try setting up committee address as PayID 

* rsync.net - also should be paid via debit card if possible, due April
  * ACTION: Peter: link PLUG debit card to rsync.net account
* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due?
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly
* aws.amazon.com
  * ACTION: Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz?

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: Margaret to investigate how to update our details
        * On hold till contact person returns to choir
- Bank signatories: Niall, Benjamin, Nick, Peter
  - Print AGM minutes
    - Collect AGM reports (also from previous years -> website)
  - Perth? Paul + Nick + Niall
  - Paul: To catch up in the CBD.
- ACTION: Paul: Linux Australia grant money
- fix/create a https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.


## 6. New General Business
- Niall to discuss Jitsi meetings on the Tuesday 2023-03-21 at the next committee meeting. Does it have relevance for us right now?
  - If we don't have a regular organiser and if it's relevant to our current members.
- President and Secretary to arrange going to the bank.

## 7. Meeting closed by Niall at 20:33PM
