---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2024-06-18
date: 2024-06-18
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Nick at 20:26 PM
  * VENUE: James' place
  * In-person busybee for NFP tax exemption, event placeholders for ops/infra/PLUG-in-thePub, etc.
* Present: James, Nick, Ben
* Apologies: Sarah (resigned), Niall, Dan
* Absent: Lochy
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2024-05-21-minutes.md
* https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2024/05-21/
  * Proposed by James, seconded by Ben. Passed without dissent.

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2024-07-16T19:30
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation
  * Sarah Allard stepping down from Treasurer/Committee position
  * Balances:
    * Cash box (at Sarah's)
      * Banking done, $198.95 current, $598.95 at start of 2024
    * Business Debit Card
      * $222.95
    * Bank Balance
      * $3042.25

  * ACTION: Review then refresh standing cloud budget? previously done 2023-08-15
    * Get firm numbers of monthly cloud spend
      * AWS USD$51
      * DigitalOcean USD$27
      * rsync.net USD$3
      * meeting $30/month (currently shared with the Perth Artifactory)

    - MOTION: Standing authority of $150/month is granted to use the PLUG debit card to pay the following expenses:
      - Hosting and related expenses, including but not limited to Amazon AWS, DigitalOcean, and rsync.net
      - Event expenses as required, including food and drink
      - meetup.com membership
      - Proposed: Ben, Seconded: James
      - Discussion
        - Recent actual monthly expenses for these categories have been $60-$80? per month, as above
      - Motion passed unanimously

* Membership Situation as of 2024-03-19
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
    - Need to nudge new attendees towards formal financial membership
  - Current Paid Members 26, was 25 at AGM
  - Expired Members 333, was 332 at AGM
  - Members on meetup.com 605, was 472 at AGM

* Correspondance
  * John M-D: 2025 panel on PLUG/FOSS/open standards?
    * Nick replied 2024-05-29 , can we find some co-hosts?
      ```
      Date: Wed, 15 May 2024 11:16:00 +0800
      From: John McCabe-Dansted <gmatht@gmail.com>
      To: ... committee@plug.org.au
      Subject: Re: [plug-ctte] Run Panel at GenghisCon?
      ```
    * https://2025.everythingopen.au/ Monday 2025-01-20, see below in events

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * May 2024
    * Thursday 2024-05-30T18:00--20:00 PLUG-in-Pub
      * 4 Mates Bar & Grill, Bassendean. Thursday $1 wings!
      * https://www.4matesburger.com.au/
      * Nice! 3 new faces? Stayed inside due to damp courtyard. All beers on "birthday special" prices.

  * June 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-06-09 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-06-11
        * Turning your Editor into an IDE with the Language Server Protocol by James
        * great! Audience participation.
        * AV setup got stuck, left it for a while, took another 10 minutes to get streaming
          * Teardown and `AVNODE1` boxing: 19m37s

* Upcoming events:

  * July 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-07-14 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-07-16
      * AV project meeting
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Wednesday 2024-07-24: Brotzeit
        * Joondalup Lakeside Shopping City, 420 Joondalup Drive Joondalup WA 6027
        * https://www.joondalupbrotzeit.com.au/
        * 18:00 start (but happy hour is available, 16:00--17:00)

  * August 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-08-11 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-08-13
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
      * Roundtable/panel style meetings? like the focus-on-privacy 2022-07-12

  * September 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-09-08 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-09-10
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub ITLAPD Thursday 2024-09-19? piratebar.com.au ?
      * https://digitalfreedoms.org/sfd

  * October 2024
    * Second Tuesday 2024-10-08
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
    * Second Sunday 2024-10-13 PLUG+POSH

  * November 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-11-10 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-11-12
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub

  * December 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-12-08 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH ?

  * January 2025
    * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
    * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub

* Future talks?
  * JasperG is up for an informal or panel style "presentation", as of 2024-06-11,17
    * Linux gaming: Portal: Story of Mel native vs Proton?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready in 2023)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work (Confirm Sat 2024-01-20) (Not at this stage)
* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising


* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Meetup/Google calendar
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID"
  * facebook?
  * X?

* ACTION: XXX: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (was this BenjaminA's new address?)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
      * 2021 was President's address
    * Bank using Treasurer's address
    * TODO: Create a GovID (not a personal one)

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: XXX to fill in online form
* https://associations.commerce.wa.gov.au/ 
  * Reports done up to 2023, next will be due post-AGM-2024-01

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Ask Bendigo Bank again, post-AGM-2024
    * https://www.bendigobank.com.au/ways-to-bank/real-time-payments/using-payid
    * Interesting bearing accounts: only 1.45% at Bendigo, others have it at 5%+

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Niall/Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly: see below

- ACTION: Grants: AV? Linux Australia? Lotterywest? Commercial sponsors?
  - https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024561.html
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists

* Domain renewal is due again: plug.org.au
  * Tim White
  * All agreed for the bill to be paid under the standing cloud expenses

## 6. New General Business

* New treasurer required, Sarah stepping down as per email dated 2024-06-12
  * Acting Treasurer: Nick
  * S10.8, committee can appoint (co-opt) members to fill casual vacancies
      * ACTION: James to ask on mailing list for expressions of interest

* Benjamin (Wings) requested that we shut down the `edison` Digital Ocean droplet
    * Just wants to get it off his billing, but more than happy to give like 30 days grace.
    * happy to offer as many VMs as we want on Riff Labs
    * ACTION: James: ask Wings: can we get an IP? for DNS hosting, mumble?

- Stocktake of our Pi gear and quiz prizes
  - quiz this year or not? car rally? movie outing?
- Recent memberships/renewals: all timely processed?
- Current members mailing list: tested and able
  to be preloaded with a list of current financial members?
- Minutes: published and deployed to the website

- Committee handover
  - Bank
    - ACTION: James: Update signatories, add James: CBD branch, early 2024-06?
    - ACTION: Add PayID: in bank when collecting her card. Cannot set up in app.
  - ACTION: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. BenjaminA's new address)
    - [ABN Search](https://www.abn.business.gov.au/ABN/View?abn=58233849580) shows current address at postcode 6153
  - ACTION: Niall: Set AWS address: To Niall's place
  - Mailing list management. Niall working on it.
  - Membership processing

## 7. Meeting closed by Nick at 21:17