---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2024-03-19
date: 2024-03-19
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Niall at 19:38 PM
  * VENUE: Online
* Present: Nick, Niall, James, Sarah
* Apologies:
* Absent: Lochy, Dan, Ben
* Guest:

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2024-02-20-minutes.md
  * Proposed by James, seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent.

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2024-04-16 - Online: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation
  * Balances:
    * Cash box (at Peter's)
      * $679.10 current, $598.95 start of year ($446.30 start 2022)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $128.90
    * Bank Balance
      * $2872.25

* Membership Situation as of 2024-03-19
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
    - Need to nudge new attendees towards formal financial membership
  - Current Paid Members 26, was 25 at AGM
  - Expired Members 333, was 332 at AGM
  - Members on meetup.com 547, was 472 at AGM

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * February 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-02-11 PLUG+POSH@Artifactory
    * Second Tuesday 2024-02-13 
        * We got confirmation for venue at SpaceCubed, but need a SC member as sponsor.
        * Dan contacted Alastair: he is OK with being our venue contact (email 2024-02-13)
          * yes!
```
Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2024 19:48:22 +0800
From: Dan Buzzard <dan@danscomp.net>
To: committee@plug.org.au
Subject: [plug-ctte] Fwd: Re: PLUG contact for Spacecubed

From: Alastair Irvine <alastair@al.id.au>
To: Dan Buzzard <dan@danscomp.net>
Subject: Re: PLUG contact for Spacecubed
Date: Wednesday, 14 February 2024 12:05 AM

On Tue, 13 February, 2024 at 08:43:09PM +0800, Dan Buzzard wrote:
> Hi Alastair,
>
> I'm writing to you on behalf of the Perth Linux Users Group to find out if you'd be willing to become our contact for Spacecubed? We need a current Spacecubed member to act as our contact in order to continue receiving our spacecubed venue hire.
>
> Your help would be greatly appreciated.

Hi, Dan.  Sure thing.
```

    * Ops meeting, handover
          * TODO: Update website to reflect new membership prices

  * March 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-03-10
    * Second Tuesday 2024-03-12
        * Pi Day/Raspberry Jam
        * Promote event: https://events.raspberrypi.com/community/f74a0e43-e952-44a4-a84e-c246cdf6a71d

* Upcoming events:

  * March 2024
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2024-03-25
      * Fibber McGee's, Leederville
      * 711 Newcastle Street, Leederville WA 6007
      * https://www.fibbermcgees.com.au/

  * April 2024
    * Second Tuesday 2024-04-09
        * Workshop on Inkscape
        * Presented by John
    * Second Sunday 2024-04-14
        * T-shirt printing

  * May 2024
    * Hack on infra/committee
    * AV refresh
    * PLUG-in-Pub: 4 Mates Bar & Grill, Bassendean. Thursday $1 wings. Suggest May 23rd.
      * https://www.4matesburger.com.au/

* Future talks?
  * James: Emacs as an IDE / Language Server Protocol (maybe June?)
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready in 2023)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work (Confirm Sat 2024-01-20) (Not at this stage)
* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Nick: Update website re: membership pricing
  * Will require UGMM and website redeploys
    * Concession: 20
    * Full: 50
    * Starting in 2024, when implemented
  * Tested a UGMM build with `diffoscope`

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Meetup/Google calendar
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID"
  * facebook?
  * X?

* ACTION: XXX: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (was this BenjaminA's new address?)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
      * 2021 was President's address
    * Bank using Treasurer's address
    * TODO: Sarah: Pickup cashbox and GNUcash records
      * maybe Sunday 2024-03-24

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Ask Bendigo Bank again, post-AGM-2024
    * https://www.bendigobank.com.au/ways-to-bank/real-time-payments/using-payid

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Niall/Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: XXX to fill in online form
* https://associations.commerce.wa.gov.au/ 
  * Reports done up to 2023, next will be due post-AGM-2024-01

- ACTION: Grants: AV? Linux Australia?
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists
- ACTION: Purchase a smaller/lighter cashbox, suitable for bringing to meetings.

* Advertise public Matrix channel [#plug:matrix.org](https://matrix.to/#/#plug:matrix.org)

## 6. New General Business

- Committee handover
  - Bank
    - Update signatories (add James)
    - Add PayID: Sarah: in bank when collecting her card. Cannot set up in app.
    - ACTION: Sarah: Pickup cashbox, GNUcash records
  - ACTION: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. BenjaminA's new address)
    - [ABN Search](https://www.abn.business.gov.au/ABN/View?abn=58233849580) shows current address at postcode 6153
  - ACTION: Niall: Set AWS address: To Niall's place
  - ACTION: Nick: rsync.net new card
  - Mailing list management. Niall working on it.
  - Membership processing
- Infra
  - Deploy membership pricing: website, UGMM

- AVnode1
  - laptop upgraded, TODO: revert to non-HWE for graphics support

## 7. Meeting closed by Niall at 20:39
