---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2024-07-16
date: 2024-07-16
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Nick at 19:54 PM
  * VENUE: Online
* Present: JamesH, NickB, DanB, BenjaminIDS
* Apologies: Niall (resigned)
* Absent: Lochy
* Guest:

* `bbb-2021` server needed a restart
  * backup was `mumble.plug.org.au`

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2024/05-21/
* https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2024/05-21/
* https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2024/06-18/
  * Proposed by James, seconded by Dan. Passed.

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2024-08-20T18:30 , in person
  * VENUE: James' place

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Recruiting/co-opting more committee members: see Correspondence
  * and/or general meeting?
  * GM may not be warranted if we get some extras
  * GM would probably have to be no sooner than October, which would be 3 months to January
  * Ben finishing study in 2024-09, so may not be in most events until graduating

* Financial Situation
  * Balances:
    * Cash box (at Sarah's)
      * Banking done, $198.95 current, $598.95 at start of 2024
    * Business Debit Card
      * $94.82
    * Bank Balance
      * $3212.25

* About time to renew our standing motion authority to top-up the transaction account with debit card access - raise the target?

* Membership Situation as of 2024-03-19
  - ? new members, ? returned, ? renewals
    - Need to nudge new attendees towards formal financial membership
  - Current Paid Members 26, was 25 at AGM
  - Expired Members 333, was 332 at AGM
  - Members on meetup.com 605, was 472 at AGM

* Correspondance
  * Interest in PLUG committee co-option
```
Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2024 22:02:04 +0800
From: Harry McNally <harrymc@decisions-and-designs.com.au>
To: PLUG Committee <committee@plug.org.au>
Subject: Re: [plug-ctte] Your PLUG Membership is Expiring
```
```
Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2024 06:38:39 +0200 (CEST)
From: michael_collins@tutanota.com
To: Committee <committee@plug.org.au>
Subject: [plug-ctte] Committee - Expression of interest
```
* MOTION: Co-opt Harry McNally and Michael Collins to the PLUG committee
  * Proposed by Ben, seconded by James. Passed unanimously.
* Next meeting: Review committee roles

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:
  * July 2024
    * Second Tuesday 2024-07-09
      * Ops meeting, social chat
    * Second Sunday 2024-07-14 PLUG+POSH

* Upcoming events:
  * July 2024
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Wednesday 2024-07-24: Brotzeit
        * Joondalup Lakeside Shopping City, 420 Joondalup Drive Joondalup WA 6027
        * https://www.joondalupbrotzeit.com.au/
        * 18:00 start (but happy hour is available, 16:00--17:00)

  * August 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-08-11 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-08-13
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
      * Roundtable/panel style meetings? plus a shared hedgedoc/hackmd doc, like the focus-on-privacy 2022-07-12 (https://demo.hedgedoc.org/ej7SEkdMT6iop8QgRePtcA)
        * (Broad focus is good, something most people can have an opinion on)
        * Seed the agenda document with background
        * Possible topics:
          * AI
          * Convince me that macOS is better than Linux
          * E2EE
          * NixOS vs GUIX
          * D.E.I. in Free Software
          * Show and tell: Development environments: e.g. VSCode / EMACS / Vim / NeoVIM configurations
          * Free Software news
          * ...?
        * 11 August 2024
          Harry and Nick during HACK Day at Artifactory proposed that Tuesday Riff/SpaceCubed would cbe confirmed as an infrastructure meeting with a specifc task to set up unlimited mailman access for PLUG members.The event will be advertised to encourage members to attend so they can reset passwords and learn about using mailman.
          
"
This Tuesday the Riff/Spacecubed event will be an infrastructure event  
"          

  * September 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-09-08 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-09-10
      * Infra workshop/busybee?
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * piratebar.com.au is closed permanently! :(
      * Let's go to Darling Darling/Fremantle West pubs
          * https://visitfremantle.com.au/darling-darling-0
      * Tuesday 2024-09-17: cheap steaks@barorient.com ?
      * Close to: ITLAPD Thursday 2024-09-19, https://digitalfreedoms.org/sfd

  * October 2024
    * Second Tuesday 2024-10-08
      * ACTION: James: Check JasperG's schedule?
      * General meeting? 3 months to AGM
      * MOTION: Hold a general meeting on Second Tuesday 2024-10-08
        * Proposed by Nick, seconded by Dan. Passed unanimously.
        * Maybe agenda: continue meetup.com ? other services? Sponsorship?
    * Second Sunday 2024-10-13 PLUG+POSH

  * November 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-11-10 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-11-12
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
    * https://dddperth.com/ , Saturday 2024-11-16
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Might be due for a central? maybe Hygge Bar?

  * December 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-12-08 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH ?
      * Special invite, past committee&friends

  * January 2025
    * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
    * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub

* Future talks?
  * JasperG is up for an informal or panel style "presentation", as of 2024-06-11,17
    * Linux gaming: Portal: Story of Mel native vs Proton?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready in 2023)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work (Confirm Sat 2024-01-20) (Not at this stage)
* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Meetup/Google calendar
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID"
  * facebook?
  * X?
  * Benjamin: Willing to post PLUG posters

* meetup.com , expecting invoice from Artifactory
  * Price has gone up to $265/6 months (USD$44.99/month, USD$178.99/6 months, USD$299.99/12 months)
  * https://www.meetup.com/blog/new-organizer-pricing-key-improvements/

* New treasurer required, Sarah stepping down as per email dated 2024-06-12
  * Acting Treasurer: Nick
  * S10.8, committee can appoint (co-opt) members to fill casual vacancies
      * ACTION: James to ask on mailing list for expressions of interest - done!

* Benjamin (Wings) requested that we shut down the `edison` Digital Ocean droplet
  * Just wants to get it off his billing, but more than happy to give like 30 days grace.
  * ACTION: Nick: Question: Can we pay the bill in the meantime?
  * Wings: happy to offer as many VMs as we want on Riff Labs
  * ACTION: BenjaminIDS: ask Wings: can we get an IP? for DNS hosting, mumble? done!
      * answer: yes!

* ACTION: XXX: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (was this BenjaminA's new address?)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
      * 2021 was President's address
    * Bank using Treasurer's address
    * TODO: Create a GovID (not a personal one)

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
      * https://www.ato.gov.au/Non-profit/Newsroom/General/Straight-from-the-source---August-2022/
      * ACTION: XXX to fill in online form
* https://associations.commerce.wa.gov.au/ 
  * Reports done up to 2023, next will be due post-AGM-2024-01

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Ask Bendigo Bank again, post-AGM-2024
    * https://www.bendigobank.com.au/ways-to-bank/real-time-payments/using-payid
    * Interesting bearing accounts: only 1.45% at Bendigo, others have it at 5%+

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Niall/Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly: see below

- ACTION: Grants: AV? Linux Australia? Lotterywest? Commercial sponsors?
  - https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024561.html
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists

* ACTION: Domain renewal is due again: plug.org.au: done!
  * All agreed for the bill to be paid under the standing cloud expenses
  * Accidentally paid twice, Tim@2024-06-29 says: credit is good for next year
    * ACTION: Nick: Reply

## 6. New General Business

- Stocktake of our Pi gear and quiz prizes
  - quiz this year or not? car rally? movie outing?
- Recent memberships/renewals: all timely processed?
- Current members mailing list: tested and able
  to be preloaded with a list of current financial members?
- Minutes: published and deployed to the website
- Mailman as a member service .. howto ?

- Committee handover
  - Bank
    - ACTION: James: Update signatories, add James: CBD branch, early 2024-06?
    - ACTION: Add PayID
  - ACTION: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. BenjaminA's new address)
    - [ABN Search](https://www.abn.business.gov.au/ABN/View?abn=58233849580) shows current address at postcode 6153
  - ACTION: XX: Set AWS address
  - Membership processing

## 7. Meeting closed by Nick at 10:01
