---
title: PLUG Committee minutes 2024-10-15
date: 2024-10-15
---

#### Start: 19:39

1. Attendees: 
  * Present
    * James, Nick, Harry, Dan, Jacek, Wyatt
  * Apologies
    * Michael
    * Benjamin I.D. Silva

2. Minutes of last committee meeting
    * https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2024/08-20/
    * Accept minutes: proposed by Harry, seconded by Dan.
    * Passed without dissent.
4. Next Meeting 
    * 2024-11-19 18:30--20:30
    * In person at James's place. Details to be sent to new committee members before hand.
6. Reports
   * Chairman
      * With banking restored, we can move forward.

      * My Sunday takeaway was to test responses from the main plug list when requesting ideas for simple tasks that are making unnecessary work; first will be choices for a committee mail filter. I will report next time on outcomes.

      * I have contacted Women in Tech (SheCodes) to discuss an Installfest after Jacek's feedback from other SpaceCubed residents. No response yet so I can approach them in person on the next second Tuesday.

   * Secretary:
       * Committee makeup:
          * Chair: Harry
          * Vice-chair: Wyatt
          * Secretary: James
          * Treasurer: Paul
          * OCMs: Nick, Jacek, Michael, Dan, 
          * ?? ~~Lochran Huck~~, Benjamin I.D. Silva
      * ACTION: James to contact additional OCMs to confirm they have stepped away from committee due to other commitments.
      * Committee noted that anyone free to attend committee meetings; have access to services and assist. The committee is in place for voting.
        * > The committee is open source -- Wyatt

   * Treasurer:
       * No report
   
3. Specific Business 
   * ACTIONs from last meeting
     * Cashbox balance to fill in during the busybee:
         * In progress.
     * Digital Ocean droplet: Nick: Question: Can we pay the bill in the meantime?
       * Previous from 2024-08-20 ACTION: PLUG will pay Benjamin USD$26.40/month for three months = AUD$120
       * Droplet size has been reduced: Done!
       * Extended complimentary membership renewal for two years: Done!
       * ACTION: James will contact Benjamin and explain our offer and discuss options with him.
     * Test Debian 12 Ansible Playbook at Sunday meeting:
         * At September hack session, we spun up an AWS VM and tried run the playbook. It did not complete due to broken Letsencrypt config.
         * More progress required.
     * Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (was this BenjaminAâ€™s new address?)
         * Not done.
         * ACTION: Harry will examine recorded information required and update.
           * Harry's email to plug-ctte 2024-08-25: Subject: "Looking at the ATO obligations"
           * Harry's email to plug-ctte 2024-09-09: "Accumulated records for after the general meeting"
      * Fill in online form for "New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations"
          * Not Done.
          * Tax status will require further discussion at the next meeting.
     * Update signatories for bank account:
         * Done!!!
     * JamesH/Nick Add Harry to committee group in UGMM
         * Done.
     * Connect PayID to PLUG Bank account
         * ACTION: James to investigate what is necessary once he has access to accounts.

  * New items:
     * Any volunteers willing to learn and document membership processing with UGMM?
       * ACTION: Nick and Wyatt to work though the UGMM processes to document them.
       * Subsequent to the documentation, committee members can review the documentation and act on the process.
       * Nick noted that the membership processing needs to proceed with some urgency.

     * Membership processing onboarding:
       * meetup.com pending memberships, joining questions
       * how do we process donations and non-member income, with receipts
       * Deferred to next meeting.

5. Events
  * Review of recent events:
    * October 2024
      * Second Tuesday 2024-10-08
        * PLUG Special General Meeting
          * Elected new committee members.
          * ACTION: James to put SGM minutes on website.
      * Second Sunday 2024-10-13 PLUG+POSH
        * Excellent attendance
        * Hugo build on `power` for website deployment
        * James started work on admin infrastructure docs.
  * Upcoming events:
    * November 2024
      * Second Sunday 2024-11-10 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2024-11-12
        * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
        * Door prize! Come to the giveaway!
        * Just get together and hack
        * ACTION: James to update Meetup and Google Calendar for 2024-11-12 event.
      * https://dddperth.com/ , Saturday 2024-11-16
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub Thursday 2024-11-28
        * Due for a central: https://hyggebar.com.au/
          * Opening hours: Wed,Thu,Fri,Sat 1600--2200 https://hyggebar.com.au/our-story
    * December 2024
      * Second Sunday 2024-12-08 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH ?
        * Special invite, past committee&friends
    * January 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
      * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
    * February 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-02-12 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-02-14 PLUG: Talk/seminar, Second Tuesday 
    * March 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-03-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-03-11 Raspberry Jam?
6. General Business
    * Jacek suggested advertising events on [WA Innovation Calendar mailing list](https://wainnovationcalendar.us10.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=1f6adfff516f55820aa65005a&id=c30933c74a).
    * Nick has posted our upcoming schedule to events.raspberrypi.com
8. End: 21:47
