---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2024-08-20
date: 2024-08-20
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Harry at 19:31 PM
  * VENUE: James' place, in-person
* Present: JamesH, NickB, BenjaminIDS, HarryMc, MichaelC
* Apologies: None
* Absent: Lochy
* Guest:


## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
* Not uploaded yet
* ACTION: Nick to upload

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Tuesday 2024-10-15T19:30, online
  * VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug
  * (possible informal meeting at September PLUG-in-the-Pub)

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Recruiting/co-opting more committee members: see Correspondence
  * Welcome Harry McNally, Michael Collins!

* Financial Situation
  * Balances:
    * Cash box (at James's)
      * Banking done, $330.25 current, $598.95 at start of 2024
      * ACTION: to fill in during the busybee
    * Business Debit Card
      * $164.52
    * Bank Balance
      * $3162.65

* Membership Situation as of 2024-08-20
  - 36 new members (unpaid), ? returned, ? renewals
    - Need to nudge new attendees towards formal financial membership
  - Current Paid Members 23, was 25 at AGM
  - Expired Members 340, was 332 at AGM
  - Members on meetup.com 623, was 472 at AGM

* Correspondance
  - None
  
## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events:

  * August 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-08-11 PLUG+POSH
      * 3 attendees, including 1 first-timer
    * Second Tuesday 2024-08-13
      * Two new attendees showed up, instead of mailing list hacking we had an ad-hoc Q&A session

* Upcoming events:

  * September 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-09-08 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-09-10
      * JasperG, panel discussion on Linux gaming
      * JasperG is up for an informal or panel style "presentation", as of 2024-06-11, 2024-08-19
        * Linux gaming: Portal: Story of Mel native vs Proton?
        * Demo or prepared links on Proton/Wine/Lutris/Steam/DXVK/anticheat...?
      * Roundtable/panel style meeting: plus a shared hedgedoc/hackmd doc, like the focus-on-privacy 2022-07-12 (https://demo.hedgedoc.org/ej7SEkdMT6iop8QgRePtcA)
        * Seed the agenda document with background
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub Tuesday 2024-09-17: cheap steaks@barorient.com
      * piratebar.com.au is closed permanently! :(
      * Let's go to Darling Darling/Fremantle West pubs
        * https://visitfremantle.com.au/darling-darling-0
      * Close to: ITLAPD Thursday 2024-09-19, https://digitalfreedoms.org/sfd

  * October 2024
    * Second Tuesday 2024-10-08T18:00
      * General meeting
        * VENUE: Riff/Spacecubed, 45 St George's Tce
        * Ratify new committee members
        * Allocate named officers: Chair/Treasurer
        * Maybe agenda: continue meetup.com ? other services? Sponsorship?
        * MOTION: Budget $100 for food
          * Proposed: Nick Seconded: HarryMc
          * Passed unanimously
        * Best-of-GUADEC?
        * Go to pub to celebrate Ubuntu "Oracular Oriole" 24.10?
    * Second Sunday 2024-10-13 PLUG+POSH

  * November 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-11-10 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2024-11-12
      * Placeholder, look for outings, work visits; or infra workshop
    * https://dddperth.com/ , Saturday 2024-11-16
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Due for a central: Hygge Bar

  * December 2024
    * Second Sunday 2024-12-08 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH ?
      * Special invite, past committee&friends

  * January 2025
    * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
    * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
    * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html
    * PLUG-in-the-Pub

* Future talks?
  * Margaret: EMACS-based UIs for database applications (not until 2023)
  * Yuchen: Haskell-code-explorer (unlikely to be ready in 2023)
  * Locutus: Ian Clarke (Contact)
  * Aidan - Graphics work (Confirm Sat 2024-01-20) (Not at this stage)
* Other event info moved here for non actionable items. https://hackmd.io/O85j6jvpR8SlIKln1UD_AQ

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising

* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising
  * Meetup/Google calendar
  * `Matt Richardson <matt@raspberrypi.com>` ACTION: Promote relevant events on events.raspberrypi.com , need "Raspberry Pi ID"
  * facebook?
  * X?
  * Benjamin: Willing to post PLUG posters

* Benjamin (Wings) requested that we shut down the `edison` Digital Ocean droplet
  * Just wants to get it off his billing, but more than happy to give like 30 days grace.
  * ACTION: Nick: Question: Can we pay the bill in the meantime?
  * Wings: happy to offer as many VMs as we want on Riff Labs
  * ACTION: BenjaminIDS: ask Wings: can we get an IP? for DNS hosting, mumble? done!
      * answer: yes!
  * ACTION: PLUG will pay Benjamin USD$26.40/month for three months = AUD$120
    * Extended complimentary membership renewal for two years: Done!
  * ACTION: Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2024-10-13
    * https://github.com/plugorgau/plug-services/pull/7
    * Test James' new debian 12 playbook

* ACTION: XXX: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (was this BenjaminA's new address?)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
    * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
      * 2021 was President's address
    * Bank using Treasurer's address
    * TODO: Create a GovID (not a personal one)

* New reporting requirements for tax-exempt not-for-profit organisations.
    * https://www.ato.gov.au/businesses-and-organisations/not-for-profit-organisations/not-for-profit-newsroom/straight-from-the-source-august-2022
      * ACTION: XXX to fill in online form
    * https://associations.commerce.wa.gov.au/ 
  * Reports done up to 2023, next will be due post-AGM-2024-01

* Can we create a [PayID](https://payid.com.au/) for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html
    * Ask Bendigo Bank again, post-AGM-2024
    * https://www.bendigobank.com.au/ways-to-bank/real-time-payments/using-payid
    * Interesting bearing accounts: only 1.45% at Bendigo, others have it at 5%+

* aws.amazon.com
  * Bill due first few days of each month
  * ACTION: (late 2023?) Niall/Nick: Contact Developer Marketing Manager for an event speaker+swag: quiz
* Plan is for PLUG to take over digitalocean.com bill directly: see below

- ACTION: Grants: AV? Linux Australia? Lotterywest? Commercial sponsors?
  - https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024561.html
- Ephemeral BBB instance, e.g. https://demo.bigbluebutton.org/gl/m-s-e73-zvh-5hy but with our own single-meeting build, run&record, download and teardown workflow
- update mailing lists: moderators
  - admin/committee busybee items: get people using bulk actions on mailing lists

* ACTION: Domain renewal is due again: plug.org.au: done!
  * All agreed for the bill to be paid under the standing cloud expenses
  * Accidentally paid twice, Tim@2024-06-29 says: credit is good for next year
    * ACTION: Nick: Reply

## 6. New General Business

- Stocktake of our Pi gear and quiz prizes
  - quiz this year or not? car rally? movie outing?
- Recent memberships/renewals: all timely processed?
- Current members mailing list: tested and able
  to be preloaded with a list of current financial members?
- Minutes: published and deployed to the website
- Mailman as a member service
  - archiving useful confirmation
  - Harry and Nick (during the second Sunday 2024-08-11 Hack Day at Artifactory) proposed that Tuesday Riff/SpaceCubed would be confirmed as an infrastructure meeting with a specific task/theme to offer [GNU Mailman listserver](https://list.org/) access for PLUG members. The event will be advertised to encourage members to attend so they can reset passwords and learn about using Mailman.

> This Tuesday the Riff/Spacecubed event will be an infrastructure event with a specific purpose; member mailman lists. Mailman is useful as a tool for short term management of attendees to an event. PLUG can offer the ability for members to create and manage a mailing list of attendees. If you are a PLUG member and would like to use the service please come along so we can discuss how this will work best and also make sure that your PLUG login is current. It is also a great way to learn how to manage a Mailman list as a low effort announcement tool. We can also test the service on the night and write a (very simple) guidelines/Terms of Use.

- Committee handover
  - Bank
    - ACTION: James: Update signatories, add James: CBD branch, early 2024-06?
    - Existing signatories: PeterL, Paul, NiallN, SarahA, NickB
      - ACTION: JamesH/Nick Add Harry to committee group in UGMM
    - ACTION: HarryMc
    - ACTION: Add PayID
  - ACTION: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. BenjaminA's new address)
    - [ABN Search](https://www.abn.business.gov.au/ABN/View?abn=58233849580) shows current address at postcode 6153
  - ACTION: XX: Set AWS address
  - Membership processing

## 7. Meeting closed by Nick at 21:07
