---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-04-15
date: 2025-04-15
---

Meeting opened 19:38 PM
1. Attendees 
    * Present: Dan, Paul, James, Nick 
    * Apologies: Wyatt, Harry

3. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://plugorgau.github.io/events/committee/2025/03-25/
   - Proposed by James, seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent.
4. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-05-20
5. Reports
   * Chairman's report
     * Progressing on regaining access to our ABN. I expect to hear back from the ATO next week.
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-04-13
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2290
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $147

6. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
    - ACTION: TODO: Upgrade Jamesâ€™ myID to Strong and lodge. Need to discover how to regain control of organisation.
        - James and Harry spent an afternoon working on this.
        - Worked out what forms were needed to update our ABN.
        - Mailed out the forms plus evidence. Waiting to hear back from ATO.
    - ACTION: TODO: Submit our NFP self report under the category of "Scientific Association".
      - Email reminder arrived: http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011844.html
      - ATO can accept or decline NFP declaration.
      - Waiting on previous action item (need access to ABN).
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?

7. Events
  * Review events:
    * March 2025
        * 2025-03-26: PLUG-in-the-Pub: The Mighty Quinn Tavern, Yokine
          * Big turnout! some mailing list members
    * April 2025
      * Second Tuesday 2025-04-08
        * Jasper's: Homelab Talk
            * 8 people turned up.
            * Talk recorded and video published.
            * AV setup finished early
      * Second Sunday 2025-04-13 PLUG+POSH
          * 4 people attended.
          * Processed Jasper's video.
          * Sysadmin work on the mailman virtualhost: turn on lists.plug.org.au TLS.
  * Upcoming Events
    * May 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-05-11 
        * PLUG+POSH
        * Risk of lack of hosts?
      * Second Tuesday 2025-05-13
          * Workshop/Installfest: BYO software or hardware installation, problems and work on your worries
          * Venue is not available: Storm emailed 2025-03-27: https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-March/011826.html
            * ACTION: DONE: 2025-04-15 Paul emailed Spacecubed to make sure one of the meeting room or another, is available 2025-05-13 and 2025-06-10
            * ACTION: Paul, buddy Nick: Followup Storm@Spacecubed re: meeting room access on the second Tuesdays May, June
            * ACTION: Paul, buddy Nick: Email committee a draft workshop announcement for May if we get the venue
              * PLUG to bring a powerboard
            * ACTION: James (buddy Paul) to update calendar+meetup once venue is locked in.
          * Jasper has something to show re:virtualised pfsense
          * RSVP Hosts at 18:00, Paul light snacks, Dan with the drinks+ice
      * 2025-05-28 18:00: PLUG in the Pub at The Island, Elizabeth Quay
        * RSVP: Hosts: Paul, Nick
      * ACTION: Paul, buddy Nick: email to plug@plug "What's on for May"
    * June 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-06-08 
        * PLUG+POSH
        * Hosts: Nick, James
      * Second Tuesday 2025-06-10
        * James: talk: VLANs
          * Hosts: James, Dan
          * ACTION: Nick: get Spacecubed RFID to James
          * Dan: drinks&ice
          * ??? light snacks
    * July 2025
        * ACTION: James to check if Jasper is interested in giving his pfsense presentation as a July talk.
        * PLUG-in-the-Pub Gosnells Hotel https://www.gosnellshotel.com.au/
    * August 2025
        * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
    * September 2025
        * Move PLUG-in-the-Pub to piratebar.com.au   , Mount Hawthorn
          * maybe on [Software Freedom Day](https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd)
          * (consideration of *Pirate Life*, Murray St; *Darling Darling* Fremantle & pub crawl)
    * Future events
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.
      
8. General business
  - Midterm goals, to be scheduled in email:
    - Building more AV nodes
      - Grants
    - Hardware colo/Raspberry-based?
 
9. Meeting finished at 20:57 PM
