---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-03-25
date: 2025-03-25
---

Meeting opened 19:43 PM

1. Attendees
    * Present: Dan, James, Nick, Harry, Wyatt
    * Apologies: Paul
    * Absent: 
       
2. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/02-18/
     - Proposed by Nick, seconded by Harry. Passed without dissent.

3. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-04-15

4. Reports
    - Chairman / President Report
    - Secretary Report
    - Treasurer's Report

5. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
        - Still todo
    - ACTION: upgrade Jamesâ€™ myID to Strong and lodge. ATO can accept or decline NFP declaration.
        - Still todo. Also need to discover how to regain control of organisation.
    - ACTION: Submit our NFP self report under the category of "Scientific Association".
        - Still todo
    - ACTION: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - Maybe done? Still needs to be confirmed.
    - ACTION: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - Still todo
    - ACTION: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - Unsure
    - ACTION: In progress. Nick and Wyatt to work though the UGMM processes to document them.
        - Done: Wyatt brought up to speed, but not docs still todo.

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * March 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-03-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
        * Online at https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug as well
        * HOSTS: James (online), Nick (in-person)
        * Had one new attendee virtually.
        * Processed some memberships
        * Started some docs on the video recording system.
      * Second Tuesday 2025-03-11 Raspberry Jam.
          * ACTION: Who/What/When/With: Promo, networking, screens, keyboards, demos, snacks/food, drinks&ice
          * Demos: Pi 400, Pi in Lego case/TV
      * 2025-03-21: Perth Design, Technology & Innovation Tradeshow
          * Jacek and Wyatt attended. Had some interest in the group from attendees.
  * Upcoming Events
    * March 2025
      * 2025-03-26: PLUG-in-the-Pub: The Mighty Quinn Tavern, Yokine
        * ACTION: Dan, buddy Nick
    * April 2025
      * Second Tuesday 2025-04-08
        * Jasper's: Homelab Talk
        * "So you want to build a HomeLab?" see email: 2025-02-11 , 2025-02-15 to committee@plug
        * Waiting for Jasper's info to update the calendars.
          * Nick, Dan, James hosting
            * Promo, networking, snacks/food
            * ACTION: Dan: bring drinks&ice
            * ACTION: Wyatt, buddy Nick: mail to plug@plug.org.au re: April events by end of March
            * James: bring camera to test OBS recording? Single camera, no network?
        * ACTION: James to add Jasper's blurb to calendar and publish Meetup event. Email the list.
      * Second Sunday 2025-04-13 PLUG+POSH
    * May 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-06-11 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2025-05-13
        * Dean's talk: IPv6?
        * ACTION: DeanB, buddy ACTION: Nick to contact and confirm 
          * Nick emailed DeanB
          * alternative backup: dry run of Installfest/workshop
        * ACTION: touch base next week on the mailing list for progress and decide whether to move the installfest forward.
      * 2025-05-28: Plug in the Pub at The Island, Elizabeth Quay 
    * June 2025
      * Second Tuesday? Linux install fest 
        * ACTION: Bring USB install media with ISO's
          * Perhaps Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others
          * ACTION: Organise an in-city market stall prior to promote event to new users
          * Wyatt to Book stall by April and use its date to lock in installfest date.
    * Future events
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul if we don't have a talk
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul TBC if still in the country
      * James give a talk about using VLANs at home

7. General business

* Thank you Jacek for your time on the committee.
* New members: subscribe/invite to mailing list
  * in parallel to tech fixes! 
* aim for ambitious event

8. Meeting finished at 9:05 PM
