---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-05-20
date: 2025-05-20
---

Meeting opened 19:47 PM
1. Attendees 
    * Present: Dan Buzzard, Harry McNally, James Henstridge, Nick Bannon 
    * Apologies: Wyatt Teakle
    * Absent: Paul D.

3. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/04-15/
   - Proposed by Nick, seconded by James. Passed without dissent.
4. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-06-17
5. Reports
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-05-20
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2360.87
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $80.95

6. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
        - No progress.
    - ACTION: TODO: Upgrade Jamesâ€™ myID to Strong and lodge. Need to discover how to regain control of organisation.
        - Was contacted by the ATO. Informed that the forms were not sufficient because I had not been appointed as a "public officer".
        - I will give this another go this month after getting appointed a public officer.
    - ACTION: TODO: Submit our NFP self report under the category of "Scientific Association".
      - Waiting on previous action item (need access to ABN).
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - Wyatt has not yet requested to join.
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - No progress.
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - No progress

7. Events
  * Review events:
    * May 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-05-11 
        * PLUG+POSH
        * Quiet day, other venue activity going on
      * Second Tuesday 2025-05-13
          * Workshop/Installfest: BYO software or hardware installation, problems and work on your worries
              * Eight participants including Dan, Nick

  * Upcoming Events
    * May 2025
      * 2025-05-28 18:00: PLUG in the Pub at The Island, Elizabeth Quay
        * RSVP: Hosts: Paul, Nick
      * ACTION: Paul, buddy Nick: email to plug@plug "What's on for May"
    * June 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-06-08 
        * PLUG+POSH
            * Hosts: Nick, James
            * Focus: migrate server to new Debian?
      * Second Tuesday 2025-06-10
        * James: talk: VLANs
          * Hosts: James, Dan
          * ACTION: Nick: get Spacecubed RFID to James
          * ACTION: James to fill in the calendar and Meetup.
          * Dan: drinks&ice
          * ??? light snacks
    * July 2025
        * ACTION: James to check if Jasper is interested in giving his pfsense presentation as a July talk.
        * PLUG-in-the-Pub Gosnells Hotel https://www.gosnellshotel.com.au/
    * August 2025
        * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
            * James and Nick to follow up with Dean to see if he can commit to this month?
    * September 2025
        * Move PLUG-in-the-Pub to piratebar.com.au   , Mount Hawthorn
          * maybe on [Software Freedom Day](https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd)
          * (consideration of *Pirate Life*, Murray St; *Darling Darling* Fremantle & pub crawl)
    * Future events
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
      * John McCabe-Dansted: Workshop: home backups server: Raspi 0W, Samba, BTRFS snapshots
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.
      
8. General business
   * To gain access to the PLUG ABN online via the [Relationship Authorisation Manager](https://info.authorisationmanager.gov.au/), we must appoint someone as a public officer.
       * MOTION: The committee appoints James Henstridge as a public officer of the Perth Linux Users Group
           * Proposed by Nick, seconded by Harry. Passed unanimously.
 
9. Meeting finished at 20:47 PM
