---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-06-17
date: 2025-06-17
---

Meeting opened 19:45 PM
1. Attendees 
    * Present:
      - James
      - Nick
      - Harry
      - Paul
    * Apologies: 
    * Absent:
      - Dan
      - Wyatt

3. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/05-20/
   - Proposed by James, seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent.
4. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-07-15
5. Reports
   * Financials
     * Bendigo bank status at 2025-06-17
     * Main 2-to-sign: $2,250.87
     * Business basic/Debit Card: $213.56
     * Cashbox: Paul to recount and confirm how much.

6. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: TODO: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
        - No progress.
    - ACTION: TODO: Upgrade Jamesâ€™ myID to Strong and lodge. Need to discover how to regain control of organisation.
        - James H now has access to the PLUG ABN. Other associates on file were James B and Peter's executor. Contacts appeared to be the 2011 committee.
        - Need to sort out adding new associates and update contact details.
        - Paul happy to be added as associate.
    - ACTION: TODO: Submit our NFP self report under the category of "Scientific Association".
        - Thanks please the Committee says yes please proceed and No 5 No Charitable purposes.
    - ACTION: TODO: Harry: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - No progress.
    - ACTION: TODO: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
        - No progress.
    - ACTION: TODO: Wyatt gets a Bendigo customer#?
        - No progress.

7. Events
  * Review events:
    * May 2025
      * 2025-05-28 18:00: PLUG in the Pub at The Island, Elizabeth Quay
        * Well attended.
    * June 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-06-08 
        * PLUG+POSH
            * Well attended: Nick, James, Harry, Dan, James S, Mark W.
            * Fixed immediate `borgbackup` problems, but likely to break without upgrading `sshd`
            * Talked about upgrading the server. James put together a proposal here: https://hackmd.io/hWc4sXeRRkymUlWI21Adtw
            * Focus: migrate server to new Debian? Backup run, may not work in future
      * Second Tuesday 2025-06-10
        * James: talk: VLANs
          * James didn't get round to advertising the talk well, but got moderate attendance.
          * We were in a small conference room at SpaceCubed, and did not bother setting up recording.
          * Seemed to go pretty well.
  * Upcoming Events
    * June 2025
        * 2025-06-21: Scope out [Collins Street Centre](https://onlineservices.southperth.wa.gov.au/facilities/facility/collins-street-centre)
            * Meet at 4:30pm
    * July 2025
      * Second Tuesday 2025-07-08:
        * ACTION: James to check if Jasper is interested in giving his pfsense presentation as a July talk.
            * Sent message on Matrix on 2025-06-17. Waiting for response.
            * In person at last event he seemed to be interested.
      * PLUG+POSH 2025-07-13:
        * Confirm if we should cancel because of resources?
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub 2025-07-30: Gosnells Hotel
        * https://www.gosnellshotel.com.au
    * August 2025
        * Dean's talk: IPv6? https://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-April/011841.html
            * James and Nick to follow up with Dean to see if he can commit to this month?
        * Saturday 2025-08-30 Installfest?
    * September 2025
        * Move PLUG-in-the-Pub to piratebar.com.au, Mount Hawthorn
          * maybe on [Software Freedom Day](https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd)
          * (consideration of *Pirate Life*, Murray St; *Darling Darling* Fremantle & pub crawl)
    * Future events
      * virtualised pfsense by Jasper
      * DFD, HFD, SFD https://digitalfreedoms.org/en/sfd
      * John McCabe-Dansted: Workshop or workshops: home backups server: Raspi 0W, Samba, BTRFS snapshots
      * Release parties: Ubuntu, Debian, more...
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul
      * Installfest Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others.
      
8. General business
   * Now that we've got access to our ABN again, we need to add more associates so there is a backup in future.
       * Paul offered to become an associate. Follow offline later.
   * The list of contacts for our ABN need to be updated. At the moment they seem to reflect the 2011 committee.
   * The contact address for the ABN needs to be updated.

9. Meeting finished at 21:00 PM
