---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-01-21
date: 2025-01-21
---

# Committee Minutes 2025-01-21

Meeting opened 19:37 PM

1. Attendees
    * Present:
       - Dan, Harry, Jacek, James, Paul, Wyatt
    * Apologies
       - Nick
    * Absent:
       
2. Minutes of last committee meeting
https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2024/11-19/
    * Motion to accept minutes Paul, Seconded by James
    * Passed without dissent.
    
3. Next Meeting
    * 18th February 2025

4. Reports
    - Chairman / President Report
    - Secretary Report
        - Wyatt has been calling most current members to find out what they would like to do for 2025.
        - Especially regarding what sort of events members would like to see and attend.
        - See the details email from 2025-01-18
    - Treasurer's Report 2025-01-21
      - Savings: $3032.25
      - Debit: $178.78
      - Cash: $386.10

5. Specific Business
    - ACTION Follow up email from Harry to Storm Clive-Smith <storm@spacecubed.com> [plug-ctte] Your Upcoming Events
 @Spacecubed"
        * Done: James to update website meeting minutes.
        * Action: Not Done. James will contact Benjamin USD$26.40/month for three months = AUD$120
          * Current bills are USD$13.20/month (downsized the instance)
        * Action: James will contact Benjamin and explain our offer and discuss options with him.
        * Action: In progress. PLUG Addresses updating. Harry has established commerce and Paul/Wyatt need to follow the setup instructions from Harry's email 2025-01-18
          * associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address)
          * https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/ , "Perth Linux User Group" ABN 58233849580
          * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
        * Action: James to investigate PAYID what is necessary once he has access to accounts.
            * I attempted to get an email added as a PayID, but Bendigo said that was impossible for organisation bank accounts.
            * Action: James to go back to Bendigo to ask to add ABN as PayID.
        * Action: In progress. Nick and Wyatt to work though the UGMM processes to document them.
            * Moving forward.
        * Action: In progress. Nick and Wyatt [Group activity documents](https://hackmd.io/@plug/r1mD75lWkl/edit). Onboarding process not fully actioned yet, but the document to detail onboarding process has been done. e.g. event runsheets: recorded talks, BBQ, Quiz.
        * Action: Done. James to put SGM minutes on website.
    - Done on its way: Nick Form response: "2024-10-11 Matt Richardson [plug-ctte] October and November Community Event Gift Shipping"
    
New Items:
  * Action: James to follow up on mailing list. Check Committee and everyone access for everything.
  We can always do before the start of the next in person meeting.
  * Action: James to add Jacek's event (Perth Design, Technology & Innovation Tradeshow 2025) to calendar.

* Follow on Artifactory invoice to pay for meetup.com subscription.

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * November 2024
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub Thursday 2024-11-28
        * Due for a central: https://hyggebar.com.au/
            * Had good attendance.
    * December 2024
      * Second Sunday 2024-12-08T11:00 Xmas BBQ + PLUG+POSH
        * Did not happen.
    * January 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-01-12 PLUG+POSH
      * Second Tuesday 2025-01-14 AGM
      * Monday 2025-01-20 -- Wednesday 2025-01-22 https://2025.everythingopen.au/
        * tickets on sale now!
      * Adelaide Convention Centre, North Tce 5000, https://adelaidecc.com.au/
      * https://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/linux-aus/2024-June/024557.html

  * Upcoming events:
    * January 2025
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Last Wed 2025-01-29 Gosnells Hotel https://www.gosnellshotel.com.au/
      * ACTION: Paul to send email reminder to the list.
    * February 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-02-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-02-11 PLUG: Talk/seminar, Second Tuesday
        * James has contacted Jasper to confirm if the Matrix talk is possible.
        * ACTION: James to update calendar based on Jasper's response
    * March 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-03-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
      * Second Tuesday 2025-03-11 Raspberry Jam.
          * ACTION: James to make sure event submitted to R-Pi events calendar.
      * 2025-03-21: Perth Design, Technology & Innovation Tradeshow
    * April 2025.
      * Second Tuesday 2025-04-08 Linux install fest
          * ACTON: Bring USB install media with ISO's
          * Perhaps Deb, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others
    * May 2025.
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul to organise
    * June/July.
      * Kings Park BBQ suggested by Paul to organise

7. General business
  * Discussed the methods so far for finding events people with a view to some new methods.
  * Direct contacts.
  * Issues with hosting talks
     * Lack the hardware for recording
       * We used to have mixers, multiple cameras and microphones
       * Want a camera with higher definition recording and modern software
       * We have one "AVNODE1" set of good quality equipment
       * TODO: A superior streaming service. OBS possible option but has had issues in the past.
       * TODO: design a system for being able to easily stream (chat needs to be continued)  
       * Action: James to write a short doc about future AV setup.
         * Automatic network detection orchestration
     * No backup for broadcasting
     * Action: Harry to ask the PLUG list about what topics would interest them.

* Status of the South Australian Enthusiast Group. 
        * Action: Wyatt contact Linux Australia to find out about them and if they need assistance. Hosting can be provided by Linux Australia.
        * Action: Wyatt to host a PLUG stall in Geraldton to Show off linux installation.
    - sign up sheet for expressions of interest
    - Will be able to get recompensation from Linux Australia and PLUG.
        * Action: Wyatt to email committee for how much.

* Discussion about 3G shutdown&blocking / 4G/5G VoIP emergency call access [Committee to email michele Rowland MP this document](https://hackmd.io/@loomhigh/HJ2Bu-jZyl)
  * discussion had. Not to be sent as written
  * PLUG is supportive of bringing government policy changes to the government.

9. Meeting finished at 20:42 PM on 2025-01-21
