---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2025-02-18
date: 2025-02-18
---

# Committee Minutes 2025-02-18

Meeting opened 19:36 PM

1. Attendees
    * Present: Dan, Harry, Jacek, James, Paul, Nick, Wyatt
    * Apologies:
    * Absent:
       
2. Minutes of last committee meeting:
   - https://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2025/01-21/ (not uploaded yet)
   - https://hackmd.io/umTOqN_OQh-zu6eCVz9ksA?both
     - (Not available yet)
     - Proposed by Harry, seconded by Paul. Passed with one no.

3. Next Meeting: Tuesday 2025-03-18

4. Reports
    - Chairman / President Report
    - Secretary Report
    - Treasurer's Report 2025-02-18
      - Savings: $3052.25
      - Debit: $109.90
      - Cash: $386.10
      - Reimbursements
        - Harry: 2025-01-17 AGM food
          - Paul there was no money spend on the card for food/drink, it will require reimbursement
      - Bills
      -   Meetup via Artifactory invoice #1013961 02-10-24 for 2024-2023-2022 for $472.54
        - Meetup via Artifactory invoice #1014662 2025-02-05 $158.84 for 6 months
        - We pay 50% and in AUD. Meetup does online marketing.
          - Discussions on alternatives - see record of 2025-02-11, below

5. Specific Business
    - ACTIONS: Who / What / When / With(Action-Buddy)
    - ACTION: James, buddy Nick: https://github.com/plugorgau/calendar-check
      - Run in Github Actions? report to committee@plug email?
      - Still TODO.
    - ACTION: Harry, buddy Paul, Harry contacted his own accountant, Lauren, to lodge through a tax agent. 
        - No-one in their practice does NFP work so no progress there.
        - TODO: upgrade James' GovId to Strong and lodge. ATO can accept or decline NFP declaration.
        - MOTION: Submit our NFP self report under the category of "Scientific Association".
          - Proposed by James, Seconded by Harry. Passed unanimously
    - DONE: Harry/Paul has established commerce account.
    - ACTION: Confirm if Wyatt has access to WA Commerce now?
        - Still in progress.
    - ACTION: Follow up email from Harry to Storm Clive-Smith <storm@spacecubed.com> 
        - Storm has not replied to either of Harry's emails and may not be receiving them. Harry passes any contact with Spacecubed to others.
    - ACTION: In progress. PLUG Addresses updating.
        - Like Commerce, Harry will pursue this with ASIC to amend the records and have the PO Box 8039 as a contact if suitable and extend access to Paul and Wyatt for this committee.
    - ACTION: James to ask BendigoBank to add our ABN as a PayID
      - Attempted to get an email added as a PayID, but Bendigo said that was impossible for organisation bank accounts
          - Still todo.
      - After Wyatt gets a customer#?
        * WT Will go to local bank branch and get when they Know what to ask
    - ACTION: In progress. Nick and Wyatt to work though the UGMM processes to document them.
        - Still todo
    - ACTION: Nick and Wyatt [Group activity documents](https://hackmd.io/@plug/r1mD75lWkl/edit). Onboarding process not fully actioned yet, but the document to detail onboarding process has been done. e.g. event runsheets: recorded talks, BBQ, Quiz.
        - Still in progress
    - ACTION: Alternative to Meetup
      - Nick: Outreach to luv.asn.au: http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2025-February/011744.html
        - Discussed in-person 2025-02-11
        - Visible web URL and RSVP system is useful
        - Network of users is more valuable than the software per se

6. Events
  * Review events:
    * January 2025
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
        * 6 attended
        * any feedback?
    * February 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-02-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
        * 6 RSVP's but low attendance?!
      * Second Tuesday 2025-02-11 PLUG: Talk/seminar, Second Tuesday
        * Venue: Town Hall was not available, Vault and "Big" was
        * 5 RSVP's but 8 attendance?
  * Upcoming Events
    * March 2025
      * Second Sunday 2025-03-09 PLUG+POSH Hack afternoon
        * Online at https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug as well
        * HOSTS: James (online), Nick (in-person)
      * Second Tuesday 2025-03-11 Raspberry Jam.
          * ACTION: Who/What/When/With: Promo, networking, screens, keyboards, demos, snacks/food, drinks&ice
          * DONE: James to make sure event submitted to R-Pi events calendar
          * https://events.raspberrypi.com/community/eb27c66d-1b1a-4042-9593-ab1b84c8a82f
          * ACTION: Dan (backup Nick) to bring drinks+ice for 18:00
      * 2025-03-21: Perth Design, Technology & Innovation Tradeshow
        * Have a table, what to bring: banner?
          * ACTION: Wyatt (backup ?) to print more flyers, create talking points. 
          * Wyatt, Jacek
        * https://proptechhubwa.com.au/perth-dti-tradeshow
      * 2025-03-26: PLUG-in-the-Pub: The Mighty Quinn Tavern, Yokine
        * ACTION: Dan, buddy Nick
    * April 2025
      * Jasper's: Homelab Talk
        * "So you want to build a HomeLab?" see email: 2025-02-11 , 2025-02-15 to committee@plug
        * Waiting for Jasper's info to update the calendars.
        * Paul/Jacek/Nick hosting from 1700?
          * Promo, networking, snacks/food, drinks&ice
        * WT - As secretary should I start confirming bookings and attendance?
          * Nick: As a backup, maybe - but a host or venue liason should probably take that on?
    * May 2025
      * Dean's talk: IPv6?
        * ACTION: DeanB, buddy ACTION: Nick to contact and confirm 
        * If not done by first week of March then proceed with Wyatt Install Fest
      * Second Tuesday? Linux install fest  
      * Moved to June. 
          * ACTION: Bring USB install media with ISO's
            * Perhaps Debian, Ubuntu, Mint, Fedora others
          * ACTION: Organise an in-city market stall prior to promote event to new users
          * Wyatt to Book stall by April and use its date to lock in installfest date.
    * Future events
      * Quiz night suggested by Paul if we don't have a talk
      * Kings Park BBQ by Paul TBC if still in the country
    * James has contacted Jasper to confirm if the Matrix talk is possible.
        * ACTION: James to update calendar based on Jasper's response
        * Reschedule for ... April? 2025-04-08

7. General business

8. Meeting finished at 9:03 PM
