<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en-au">

  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  

  <title>PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20</title>
  <meta property="og:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20" />
<meta property="og:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Margaret, Patrick, Nick, Peter Apologies: Benjamin Absent: James, Paul Guest: 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Nick Passed without dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Tuesday 2021-08-24 19:30 (postponed 1 week) 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2021-07-19 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $353.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020) Business Debit Card $189." />
<meta property="og:type" content="article" />
<meta property="og:url" content="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/07-20/" /><meta property="article:section" content="minutes" />
<meta property="article:published_time" content="2021-07-20T00:00:00+00:00" />
<meta property="article:modified_time" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />

<meta itemprop="name" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20">
<meta itemprop="description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Margaret, Patrick, Nick, Peter Apologies: Benjamin Absent: James, Paul Guest: 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Nick Passed without dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Tuesday 2021-08-24 19:30 (postponed 1 week) 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2021-07-19 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $353.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020) Business Debit Card $189."><meta itemprop="datePublished" content="2021-07-20T00:00:00+00:00" />
<meta itemprop="dateModified" content="2022-08-18T08:26:26+08:00" />
<meta itemprop="wordCount" content="765">
<meta itemprop="keywords" content="" /><meta name="twitter:card" content="summary"/>
<meta name="twitter:title" content="PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20"/>
<meta name="twitter:description" content="0. Opening Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39 VENUE: https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug Present: Margaret, Patrick, Nick, Peter Apologies: Benjamin Absent: James, Paul Guest: 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Nick Passed without dissent 2. Next Committee Meeting Tuesday 2021-08-24 19:30 (postponed 1 week) 3. Reports &amp; Standing Items Financial Situation as of 2021-07-19 (Peter)
Balances: Cash box $353.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020) Business Debit Card $189."/>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/css/main.09e704e1a0e322dbf705f6526c2e4702aba6278a04d85eee064c5fe3fb1acc76.css">
  <link rel="canonical" href="http://www.plug.org.au/events/committee/2021/07-20/">
  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.9/css/all.css" integrity="sha384-5SOiIsAziJl6AWe0HWRKTXlfcSHKmYV4RBF18PPJ173Kzn7jzMyFuTtk8JA7QQG1" crossorigin="anonymous">
</head>


  <body>

    <header class="site-header">

  <div class="wrapper">

    <a class="site-title" href="/"><img src="/images/logo.png" alt="Perth Linux Users Group"></a>

    <nav class="site-nav">
      <a href="#" class="menu-icon">
        <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15">
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.031C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484 h15.031C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z"/>
          <path fill="#424242" d="M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.031C17.335,12.031,18,12.696,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
        </svg>
      </a>

      <div class="trigger">
        <a class="page-link" href="/">Home</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/about/">About</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/membership/">Membership</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/events/">Events</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/projects/">Projects</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/resources/">Resources</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/sponsors/">Sponsors</a>
        <a class="page-link" href="/contact/">Contact Us</a>

      </div>
    </nav>

  </div>

</header>


    <div class="page-content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        
<div class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">PLUG Committee Meeting 2021-07-20</h1>
    <p class="post-meta">July 20, 2021</p></header>

  <article class="post-content"><h2 id="0-opening">0. Opening</h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting opened by Patrick at 19:39
<ul>
<li>VENUE: <a href="https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug">https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/plug</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Present: Margaret, Patrick, Nick, Peter</li>
<li>Apologies: Benjamin</li>
<li>Absent: James, Paul</li>
<li>Guest:</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="1-confirmation-of-previous-minutes">1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes</h2>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-06-15-minutes.md</a>
<ul>
<li>Proposed by Margaret, Seconded by Nick</li>
<li>Passed without dissent</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2-next-committee-meeting">2. Next Committee Meeting</h2>
<ul>
<li>Tuesday 2021-08-24 19:30
<ul>
<li>(postponed 1 week)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="3-reports--standing-items">3. Reports &amp; Standing Items</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Financial Situation as of 2021-07-19 (Peter)</p>
<ul>
<li>Balances:
<ul>
<li>Cash box
<ul>
<li>$353.10 current, $694.60 start of year ($582.60 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Business Debit Card
<ul>
<li>$189.94 current, $266.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bank Balance
<ul>
<li>$4246.96 current, $3801.47 start of year ($2114.42 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Total Assets
<ul>
<li>$4830.86 (was $4846.53 start of year) ($2801.48 start 2020)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Statement:
<ul>
<li>Income
<ul>
<li>$106.00 this month, $160.00 last, $588.50 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Expense
<ul>
<li>$32.32 this month, $115.64 last, $463.85 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Net Proceeds
<ul>
<li>$73.68 this month, $44.36 last, $124.65 this year</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Outstanding:
<ul>
<li>Receivables
<ul>
<li>$10.00 cash being held by Nick as petty cash/float</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Unreconciled
<ul>
<li>$49.00 cash to be added to cash box</li>
<li>$31.00 previously held as float
potentially reducing donation income this month</li>
<li>Income vs Total Assets
ACTION: Peter to investigate Gnucash discrepancies</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership Situation as of 2021-07-20 (Margaret)</p>
<ul>
<li>2 renewals since last committee meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Membership trends as of <del>2021-06-15</del> (Margaret) [EDIT: Date was 2021-07-20]</p>
<ul>
<li>Current Paid Members 25, previous month was 32</li>
<li>Overdue Members 7, previous month was 3</li>
<li>Expired Members 309, previous month was 307</li>
<li>Members on meetup.com 458, previous month 454</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="4-events-status">4. Events Status</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review of recent events</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>June</p>
<ul>
<li>ACTION: get James some credentials to upload original meeting recordings
<ul>
<li>Still TODO</li>
<li>Some recordings in S3 storage</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>July</p>
<ul>
<li>Second Sunday 2021-07-11 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon</li>
<li>Second Tuesday 2021-07-13
<ul>
<li>Three lightning talks, including an online speaker</li>
<li>More issues with AV equipment</li>
<li>Can we get a more direct alternative speaker microphone?</li>
<li>Wanted: build up node2 and node3</li>
<li>Streamline with a small mixer that would take XLR microphones</li>
<li>6 attendees in person, plus online speaker</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Forthcoming events</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>2021-07-26 PLUG in the Pub</p>
<ul>
<li>Little Island Brewing, CBD (The Island Brew House)</li>
<li>Florence Hummerston Building, 1 Valdura Place, Elizabeth Quay, Perth WA 6000</li>
<li><a href="https://www.theislandeq.com.au/">https://www.theislandeq.com.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Margaret to update calendar <strong>DONE</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: James to update MeetUp <strong>DONE</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>August</p>
<ul>
<li>Second Tuesday 2021-08-10
<ul>
<li>Chris McCormick has expressed interest in giving a talk (email 2021-06-20)</li>
<li>Has just provided more info
<ul>
<li>Title: Free Software vs commercial - why not both?</li>
<li>Description: a survey of some ways people are building sustainable businesses on top of FLOSS.
<ul>
<li>ACTION Margaret to confirm with Chris, and get permission to stream and record via BBB</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>September</p>
<ul>
<li>General hack session? Installfest?</li>
<li>Gaming on Linux?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>October</p>
<ul>
<li>Quiz Night? Ben to MC.
<ul>
<li>Prince Lane Bar? 356 Murray St, Perth (previously Carnegie&rsquo;s)</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to ring for more details and book if appropriate</li>
<li>Generous Squire? Shafto Lane, Perth
<ul>
<li>$150 venue hire, has HDMI TV</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to contact Generous Squire - done</li>
<li>Paul is happy to help organise</li>
<li>Margaret can contribute all questions</li>
<li>Sponsors wanted
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Margaret to email list once date/venue are fixed.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>If others want to help, let us know</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Future:</p>
<ul>
<li>Foreman (Wings)
<ul>
<li>No timeline yet</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>MooseFS Expansion (Wings)</li>
<li>PLUG AV hack sessions
<ul>
<li>Piggyback on PLUG+POSH Second Sundays for starters, but announce an AV session for&hellip; ?</li>
<li>Could announce one by email (av@plug, plug@plug) as a AV/admin focused event</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>PLUG-in-the-Pub possibilities:
<ul>
<li>Paddington Alehouse, Mount Hawthorn: <a href="http://www.paddo.com.au/">http://www.paddo.com.au/</a></li>
<li>The Hampden, Nedlands: <a href="https://thehampden.com.au/">https://thehampden.com.au/</a></li>
<li>Ocean Beach Hotel: <a href="https://www.obh.com.au/">https://www.obh.com.au/</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="5-general-business--matters-arising">5. General Business &amp; Matters Arising</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Event promotion: team effort - see previous minutes for details, e.g. <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising">https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/content/minutes/2021-05-18-minutes.md#5-general-business--matters-arising</a></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73</p>
<ul>
<li>Status I will endeavour to get this done by February.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN (via ATO.gov.au?), ASIC (N.B. Benjamin&rsquo;s new address)</p>
<ul>
<li>Who/what/where to contact next?
<ul>
<li><a href="https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/">https://connectonline.asic.gov.au/</a> , &ldquo;Perth Linux User Group&rdquo; ABN 58233849580</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Bank account signatories</p>
<ul>
<li>Patrick&rsquo;s card is with Benjamin until pickup</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Review of PLUG mailing lists Discuss with mailing list members. Reinstate plug-announce and ensure all active members are on it to enable us to meet legal requirements for announcing AGM. This would require regular updates as members join/drop out. Margaret to investigate using UGMM for official announcements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can we create a <a href="https://payid.com.au/">PayID</a> for the PLUG bank account? This would be less error prone than typing the BSB + account number. We could create PayIDs for committee email address and maybe also ABN.</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html">http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2021-June/010370.html</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="6-new-general-business">6. New General Business</h2>
<ul>
<li>Vince - membership
<ul>
<li>ACTION: Nick will followup</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Harry - reimbursement, see recent email
<ul>
<li>Committee agrees this can be reimbursed as membership for AV repairs and incidental expenses</li>
<li>ACTION: Peter to email Harry</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="7-meeting-closed-by-patrick-at-2114">7. Meeting closed by Patrick at 21:14.</h2>
</article>

</div>

      </div>
    </div>

    <footer class="site-footer">
  <div class="wrapper">
    <a href="https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Linux-Users-Group-PLUG">
      <i class="fab fa-meetup"></i>
      <span class="username">PLUG Meetup</span>
    </a>
    |
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/plug.org.au">
      <i class="fab fa-facebook-square"></i>
      <span class="username">Perth Linux Users Group</span>
    </a>
    
    |
    Source: <a href="https://github.com/plugorgau">
      <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
      <span class="username">plugorgau</span>
    </a>
  </div>
</footer>


  </body>
</html>
