---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2019-09-17
---

## 0. Opening
Meeting opened by Ben at 7:32 PM

Attendance:
* Present: Michel, Paul, Margaret, Ben, Nick, Peter
* Apologies: James
* Absent: -

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
MOTION: Proposed by Ben and Seconded by Nick, Passed without dissent.
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-08-20-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 17-09-2019 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $486.35 current, $252.55 start of year ($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * $0 current, $40.86 start of year ($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * $0 current, $27.89 start of year ($161.21 start 2018)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2421.73 current, $2754.04 start of year ($3469.95 start 2018) *Is about $80 lower than previous.
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 from expired Debit card (old)
      * $27.89 from expired Load&Go (new)
    * Total Assets
      * $2980.21 (was $3213.04 start of year) ($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $68.10 this month, $0.00 last, $850.10 this year
    * Expense
      * $4.50 this month, $110.68 last, $1019.33 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $63.60 this month, ($110.68) last, ($169.23) this year
  * Outstanding
    * Debts
      * $71.22 for AWS June 2019 reimbursement
      * $0.00 for AWS August 2019
Note things to be confirmed: Possible $80 difference of the bank balance of $80.
$68 from food donations at last event.
  
* Membership Situation as of 17-09-2019(Paul)
  * 1 renewals/new in September $10
  * 0 renewals/new in August $0
  *	6 renewals/new in July $120 + donations
  *	7 renewals/new in June $140 + donations
  * 23 Current Paid Members, previous month was 28
  * 302 Expired Members, previous month was 297
  * 391 Members on meetup.com, previous month 384

----
## 3. Events status.
* September
    * Fix sign and ph number next time.
    * Lots of new people this event.
    * Could be around 20 people?
    * Michel: Do we have a linkedin account?
    * Peter: Alastair set up linkedin?
      * Peter is a group manager, JamesB is the group owner
    * ACTION: Paul: sending a reminder for ITLAPD to the plug@plug.org.au list
* October
   * Hack on your own project/Admin.
* November
   * Paul, Leon doing his LCA2020 talk but no reply.
   * Quiz Night 2019, 2019-11-12
       * ACTION: Paul to check out Belgian Beer cafe.
       * MC? Ask Magnus "Danger" Magnus or James Bromberger or Ben/Paul.
       * Ben could contribute to questions .
     * Prizes?
       * O'Reilly e-book vouchers?
          * We last requested a voucher on April 2014.  Search for "book request for Perth Linux User Group" in committee list archives.
       * Business email/calling/doorknocking.
       * Donations drive, spot prizes, incentives. 
     * Questions should be more general knowledge - 
       Benjamin suggests 80% or more be general knowledge, remaining be open source/Linux-based questions
       * -> 4/5 rounds as geeky? general knowledge
   * 2019-11-25: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Fremantle?
     * https://beerpourium.com.au/ ?
* December
   * Christmas BBQ party
     * Scheduled for...? 
     * Sat 7th or Sun 8th or Sat 14th or Sunday 15th?
       * to fix: Sunday 2019-12-08 1200--1600 
       * Paul: I think we should have our own event and a BBQ outside is something our members enjoy.
       * Good point, but: scheduling...?
     * ACTION: Nick: check costs?
       * Not done yet, TODO
  * PLUG+POSH regular second Sunday 2019-12-08 1200--1600 https://www.meetup.com/Perth-Hackers/events/tvgcnqyzqblb/
Saturday 7th?
     
* January/Febuary 2020?
    * Ben suggested Lightning talk?
    * 5-10mins? 5 or more?
    * Send out a call for talks.
* Future
   * Talk by Martin, Want to be at our best, promotion & AV-wise.
     * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
     * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out?
   * OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?
   * Godot: Free software game engine
   * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)
   * RPi 4 demo
   * Blender
   * Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)
   * Snipe-IT (python inventory management)

## 4. General Business and Matters Arising.
* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
  * (New address President X)
  * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
  * TODO: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.
  * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site
  * DMIRS.wa.gov.au, ACTION: Peter to check address and ensure that annual report complete.
  * Auskey/abr. Peter did you look at this?
  * Check name needs fixing?
* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
* ACTION: to open a Bendigo interest bearing bank account. 2 approv sigs?
* ACTION: to open a Bendigo bank account (one-to-sign) and get a debit card. 2 approved sigs plus the person who needs the card?
* TODO: Peter, Nick: Monday afternoon 2019-09-23 1400 (backup plan: Friday morning 2019-09-27)
* AV publicity material.
* Lawrence: borrow video camera, create flyer, greenscreen background? 

## 5. New General Business.
* Peter is a manager of our linkedin group.
* AWS is in credit for next month.
 
----
## 6. Next committee meeting.
* Tuesday 2019-10-15? 1930 

Meeting closed by Benjamin 8:28 PM
