---
title: PLUG Meeting Minutes 2019-05-21
---

# PLUG Meeting Minutes 2019-05-21

## 0. Opening
Meeting opened by Peter at 7:42 PM.

Attendance
* Present: Paul, Margaret, James, Peter
* Apologies: Benjamin, Nick
* Absent: Michel

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
MOTION: Proposed by James and Seconded by Peter. Passed? Yes
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-04-16-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year	($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * $40.86 current, $40.86 start of year		($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * $109.42 current, $27.89 start of year	($161.21 start 2018)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2301.71 current, $2850.34 start of year	($3469.95 start 2018)
    * Total Assets
      * $2888.34 (was $3309.34 start of year)	($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $167.00 this month,	$0.00 last, $322.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $261.11 this month,	$72.66 last, $697.00 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($94.11) this month,	($72.66) last, ($375.00) this year

* Membership Situation as of 2019-05-21 (Paul)
We are averaging approx 2 renewals $40 per month, not much change their and has been like that for a while.
  *	2 renewals/new in May $40
  *	1 renewals/new in April $20
  * 1 renewals/new in March $20
  * 3 renewals/new in February $40
  * 26 Current Paid Members, previous month was 26
  * 297 Expired Members, previous month was 296
  * 368 Members on meetup.com, previous month 359
  * 786 Visitors on meetup.com in May (Up until 20th)
  * 1579 Visitors on meetup.com in April
  * 1933 Visitors on meetup.com in March
  * 1060 Visitors on meetup.com in February
  * Heaps of traffic on website and meetup. But conversion is the difficult part.
  * No real benefit of being a member rather than a visitor.
  * Maybe a $5 cover charge for non-members for food/drinks?

----
## 3. Events:

* May 2019.
   * 2019-05-14: Raspberry Pi Jam demos.
   * We had about 17 people. Thanks to Nick for bringing all the gear and Benjamin for the sdcards. Thanks to Leon for bringing fomu cards.
   * Get more organised in future.
   * 2019-05-27: PLUG-in-the-pub - Last Drop Beeliar
     * ACTION: Paul to email out.
* June 2019.
   * Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day
      * ACTION: Peter to send reminder to list.
   * 2019-06-11: Benjaminâ€™s Linux & Open Source LAN Party. Is this confirmed?
      * Need list of games, will have HDD with copies of games?
      * List of games needed? Sauerbraten, Nexuiz, 0 A.D., Fractured Space? Tuxracer/kart/Supertux, BZflag
      * Steam games for Linux?
         * Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes?
         * Jackbox games?
* July 2019.
   * Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day
   * 2019-07-09: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS.
      * ACTION: Needs to be confirmed.
   * 2019-07-22: PLUG in the Pub. Central? North?
* August 2019.
   * Talk by Martin Dougiamas
     * ACTION: Benjamin to confirm?
* September 2019
   * 2019-09-23: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Pirate Bar
      * They are not open Mondays, might have to move the day?
   * Quiz Night 2019?
     * ACTION: Paul: To find out if we can have at the Belgian Beer Cafe and do question.
   *  Installfest ?

----
## 4. General Business and Matters Arising.

* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
  (New address President Unit 410/130A Mounts Bay Road)
  PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
  Bendigobank, Paul we need to sign the emailed form.
  ASIC.gov.au, Margaret is investigating.
  ato.gov.au/ abr auskey ?
  abn plus name may need updating also ?
  DMIRS.wa.gov.au
  ACTION: Peter to check DMIRS address

* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on website .ODP
  Still TODO? Yes

----
## 5. New General Business.
  * James, Bulk import of old minutes into Markdown at https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/tree/master/_posts/minutes
Send to committee for everyone to look through first.
    * ACTION: James to send through a zip file of converted minutes to committee list to check if anything needs to be redacted.

  * Motion: Paul, To get Out-of-scope UGMM php work completed by Alastair, the cost is an additional $100. Can we get this approved?
  (I may be able to get this reimbursed from Linux Australia.)
  Vote: 4 for yes. Passed.

  * Motion: Paul, To create a tender to get final Mail and Mailing list server migrated.
  It could save us $800 per year. This has been dragging on for 2 years plus.
  If everyone is good, I will write a tender to get the committee to approve?
  (I may be able to get this reimbursed from Linux Australia.)
     * ACTION: Paul to do document with Peters help.

* We haven't received the ATO not for profit news letter in a while.

* Linux Australia will give us hosting and or grant in the future.
  * ACTION: Paul to email them specific details.

----
## 6. Next committee meeting
Tuesday 2019-06-18

Meeting closed by Peter at 8:42 PM.
