---
title: PLUG Meeting Minutes 2019-06-18
---

# PLUG Meeting Minutes 2019-06-18

## 0. Opening
Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:37 PM

Attendance:
* Present: Margaret, Benjamin, James, Nick, Peter
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent: Michel

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
MOTION: Proposed by Peter and Seconded by Margaret, James, Passed? Yes (Ben and Nick abstain)
http://tiny.cc/bwr16y
-> https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2019-05-21-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 2019-06-17 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $436.35 current, $252.55 start of year  ($252.55 start 2018)
    * Debit card(old)
      * $40.86 current, $40.86 start of year            ($40.86  start 2018)
    * Load&Go(new)
      * $31.27 current, $27.89 start of year    ($161.21 start 2018)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2312.71 current, $2850.34 start of year        ($3469.95 start 2018)
    * Total Assets
      * $2821.19 (was $3309.34 start of year)   ($3924.57 start 2018)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $120.00 this month,     $187.00 last, $562.00 this year
    * Expense
      * $207.15 this month,     $261.11 last, $904.15 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * ($87.15) this month,    ($74.11) last, ($442.15) this year
      
* MOTION: To transfer $150 into the Load & Go card to cover AWS usage.  Moved: Peter. Seconded: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, James. Passed.

* Membership Situation as of 2019-06-18 (Paul)
  * x renewals/new in June $x
  *	x renewals/new in May $x
  *	1 renewals/new in April $20
  * 1 renewals/new in March $20
  * x Current Paid Members, previous month was 26
  * x Expired Members, previous month was 296
  * x Members on meetup.com, previous month 359
  * x Visitors on meetup.com in June
  * x Visitors on meetup.com in May
  * 1579 Visitors on meetup.com in April
  * 1933 Visitors on meetup.com in March
    * No real benefit of being a member rather than a visitor
      * Infrastructure -> shell accounts?
        * Beware admin overhead, but is it a currently missing pipeline towards admin help?
    * Maybe a $5 cover charge for non-members for food/drinks?

----
## 3. Events

* June 2019
   * 2019-06-11: Benjaminâ€™s Linux & Open Source LAN Party. 
      * 5 attendees, social event then Grill'd
      * Build netbox for network independence?
        * mirror/fileserver/transproxy
        * Steampipe: caching works now
        * 4G/wifi/ethernet uplink
* July 2019
   * 2019-07-09: Posponed to September: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS
     * ACTION: Ben said he won't be in Perth
     * Video best-of night
       * Value add: Q&A, panel discussion?
       * By end of Thursday 2019-06-20 further suggestions welcome
       * [AV system - eventstreamr Leon Wright](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCzVX7-OJtA) 51mins, inspiration/prompt
       * Then and now/review/taking stock
       * bring kit to make it tangible?
       * dvswitch vs voctomix
     * Food&drink after meetings:
       * [The Island Brew House](https://www.theislandeq.com.au/)
       * Grill'd
       * Northbridge: [Chimek](http://chimekchimek.com.au/)? Kebabs?
   * 2019-07-14: Second Sunday Regular PLUG + POSH Hack Day
   * 2019-07-22: PLUG in the Pub. Central?
     * North? Tuart Hill: Mighty Quinn?
     * West? Subiaco: The Vic/The Village; Cottesloe Albion
* August 2019
  * Replace with tutorial: Kodi/RetroPie/Blender/LibreCAD/OpenSCAD/FreeCAD/KiCad/Oregano/GQRX/CubicSDR/Inkscape?
    * Wireguard? OpenVPN? Routing
      * ...maybe in a form we could use for PLUG events? Network box that hands out DHCP on one side and takes a wired/wireless/LTE uplink on the other
      * With a traffic counter screen?
  * Godot: Free software game engine
  * or a busybee/hack night?
* September 2019
   * 2019-09-10: Benjamin on MooseFS + The Elastic NAS
   * 2019-09-19: PLUG-in-the-Pub @ Pirate Bar
     * Thursday games night again?
     * 19th ITLAPD or the week after?
   They are not open Mondays, might have to move the day?
      * ACTION: to be Confirmed?
   * Quiz Night 2019?
     * ACTION: Paul: To find out if we can have at the Belgian Beer Cafe
   *  Installfest ?
* Future
   * Talk by Martin Dougiamas
     * Want to be at our best, promotion & AV-wise, so not in August
     * ACTION: Benjamin to reach out

----
## 4. General Business and Matters Arising

* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses.
  * (New address President Unit 410/130A Mounts Bay Road)
    * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
      * https://abr.business.gov.au/ABN/View?id=58233849580
      * ABN plus name may need updating also - Margaret noted that it has the post code of a previous President and that the name has "User" instead of "Users", this needs to be corrected be corrected
    * ACTION: Paul and another to co-sign form for Bendigo.
    * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site
    * ato.gov.au/ abr auskey 
    * DMIRS.wa.gov.au
    * ACTION: Peter to check DMIRS address and ensure that annual report has been done

* ACTION: Peter 2018 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
  * Still TODO? Yes
  
* James has sent through a zip file of converted minutes to committee list to check if anything needs to be redacted
  * Sent through to committee list
```
Date: Tue, 18 Jun 2019 18:02:13 +0800
From: James Henstridge <james@jamesh.id.au>
To: PLUG Committee <committee@plug.org.au>
Subject: [plug-ctte] Historical minutes for review
```

* ACTION: Paul working on tender document RFT2019-05 with Peters help. Will email committee once finished.
   * [RFT2019-05 - Mail work](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-4OCI0ssp9MuJlYGyzf3f75wsQdWd7NIbZ3bgqHECeg/edit)
     
* ACTION: Paul to email LA with specific hosting details/requirements.

----
## 5. New General Business

----
## 6. Next committee meeting
* Tuesday 2019-07-16
* Agenda URL: ??
* Wishlist: AWS pipeline to publish minutes? until server upgrade is online
* ACTION: James publish this month's minutes

Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:57 PM.
