---
title: PLUG Committee Minutes 2020-03-17
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Benjamin at 7:42 PM 2020-03-17

## Attendance
* Present: Benjamin, Margaret, Nick, Peter, James
* Apologies: Paul
* Absent: Michel

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
  * MOTION: Proposed by James and seconded by Nick. Passed without dissent. Yes
  https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2020-02-18-minutes.md

## 2. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit card(old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
      (Paul: should this be removed? Peter: has it been recovered?)
    * Bank Balance
      * $2098.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $34.73 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
        * Peter: Paul reports that Paul has received the money
    * Total Assets
      * $2795.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $52.00 this month, $61.90 last, $183.90 this year
    * Expense
      * $21.00 this month, $101.90 last, $165.24 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $31.00 this month, ($40.00) last, $18.66 this year
  * Outstanding:
    * No outstanding debts

* Membership Situation as of 2020-03-17 (Paul)
  * No update this month.

## 3. Events status
* Covid-19 response
    * Spacecubed has requested cancellation of all events with more than 30 attendees, and no food to be served.
    * Linux Australia advice: http://lists.linux.org.au/pipermail/announce/2020-March/000313.html
    * We should provide hand sanitiser!
    * MOTION: Announce that March 2020 PLUG in the Pub is canceled- 
      * Proposed by Peter and seconded by Margaret.
        * For: 4 Against: 1

----
* We're down a couple of committee members and the Chair has to go
* MOTION: Adjourn until 19:30 next week 
  * Proposed by Nick and seconded by Margaret.
    * Passed without dissent.

  * Meeting adjourned until Tuesday 2020-03-24 19:30

**Meeting adjourned at 2020-03-17 20:17**

----

**Meeting reopened at 2020-03-24 19:38 by Benjamin**

* March 2020
   * Raspberry Pi Jam and Workshop. 2020-03-10
       * Feedback for RPF
           * Make sure we get the right resistors (we got the wrong ones and had to jerry rig something together to make the LED bright enough to see)
           * Wiring diagrams on the example activity cards did not specify which lead on the LED should go where
           * Shirts were high quality and went quickly, and 1 each of M, L, XL was a great mix
       * Feedback for us
         * Next time we need at least 2-3 "complete stations" - ie, keyboard and mouse and monitor and cables to hook up any Pi generation. We don't need to go so far as to have a setup for everyone, as people will happily huddle together in 3-5 person groups
         * We can and will reuse a bunch of the parts from this Jam @ the next one
         * Let's arrange it and advertise it way sooner next time
         * Maybe have some slides to start and end the event
         * Would like to have more demos + talks on the night, and to see both more quality and quantity

* April 2020
    * In person events seem to be off the agenda for the forseeable future (6 to 12 months?)
   * Talk: 2020-04-14 Jamesh Github
   * Talked about software possibilities for virutal presentation
       * [Big Blue Button](http://docs.bigbluebutton.org/)
       * [Discord](https://discordapp.com/)
       * [Matrix](https://matrix.org/)
       * other
   * James noted that we need something for presenting (ie: slides)
       * Nick thinks that Big Blue Button might be good
       * Aiming for an April event seems unlikely
    * Margaret thinks that we should cancel events in the calendar, and send an email about the situation and say that we will be investigating virtual events
    * Continue talk about Big Blue Button
    * Benjamin notes that Perth Machine Learning group is using Discord Voice Chat with Screen Sharing
    * Second Sunday PLUG+POSH 2020-04-12
     * (Paid venue) 
 * James suggests using the time slot for testing online and virtual tools
 * Nick wants to use the next regular timeslot for a practice virtual presentation
* Future
  * Paul: We should draft an email to send to members that we are cancelling in person events for Covid19, and all committee members can read/edit before we send out?
    * ACTION: Benjamin to draft an announcement, then send out
  * May: Focal Fossa Ubuntu 20/04 pre-release demo/launch party?
    * Expected release date 2020-04-23
    * POSTPONED
  * June: Quiz?
    * Take it to email, need to book a venue.
    * POSTPONED
  * Talk by Martin
    * POSTPONED
  * Puppet Inc may want to do with us, need to talk to Gino (but as above)
    * POSTPONED
  * OpenVPN? Routing, Wireguard?
  * Godot: Free software game engine
  * Foreman? (Bare Metal Deployment with Foreman)
  * RPi 4 demo
  * Blender
  * Netbox (IPAM/DCIM)
  * Snipe-IT (python inventory management)
  * Boostnote
  * Anki
      * POSTPONED

    * ACTION: Nick to update Google caalendar with "In Person events cancelled for now; virtual events being investigated"
        * Should match Benjamin's announcement
## 4. General Business and Matters Arising
* ACTION: Update PLUG addresses
  * (New address President X)
    * PLUG Incorporation number: A1007186U ABN: 58 233 849 580
    * done: DMIRS.
    * done: Bendigo Bank.
    * ASIC.gov.au, Margaret noted that there was no address for PLUG on that site.
      * STATUS: Need to update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC.
    * ACTION: Peter will update the address associated with the ABN, Paul can help.
        * Peter still to do
  * ACTION: Peter 2018 & 2019 financial report on PLUG website .ODP
        * In Progress - see below
    * ACTION: Peter to make the financial report available, as presented to the 2020-02-11 AGM
        * Done!
    * ACTION: Nick will help to get it into the published site
      * Nick still to do
  * TODO: New Bendigo accounts, Benjamin/Peter/Nick - Banks require forms to be signed.
    * ACTION: Back to the bank. Peter&Nick, Monday afternoon 2020-03-30
  * Update Spacecubed/Riff agreement
  * TODO: Peter will bank some of the cash box moneys.
      * STATUS: Still to do
  * TODO: Paul: I received a $34.73 cheque for the Load and Go card and I will cash it.
    * Server migration to Digital Ocean is progressing.
      * We anticipate for it to be complete in March. If it takes long Nick will notify us if more time is needed:)
          * Status: Some interdependencies have been identified and are being worked on
      * Nick: Not getting a lot of hacking time, so blockers tend to affect the entire migration process
----
## 5. New General Business

* Margaret: we need to have a complete copy of (at least) the AGM minutes with full names in it
    * This does not need to be the one on the website - that can have the names redacted.
    * Nick is keen for us to get a better workflow that ties in with Peter's desire to have agendas available
    * Peter: we need to distinguish what is agenda material from what is discussed material
    * Margaret thinks that the previous material needs to be excised so that it is not confusing what is new or not; financial and membership details can be added beforehand
        * We should have just the topics added to the new general business, no need for full details. 
----
## 6. Next committee meeting
* Tuesday 2020-04-21 19:30

Meeting closed by Benjamin at 8:34 PM.
