---
title: PLUG Committee Meeting 2020-11-17
---

## 0. Opening
* Meeting opened by Ben at 19:42 PM 2020-11-17

## Attendance
* Present: Nick, Ben, Peter, Margaret, James
* Apologies:
* Absent: Paul, Michel
* Guest: 

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2020-10-20-minutes.md
  * MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James
  * Passed with change to remove question mark from Absent members list.

## 2. Next Committee Meeting
* Proposed to be on Tuesday 2021-01-19 19:30 @ UCC BigBlueButton https://meetings.ucc.asn.au/b/nic-4cd-3jg
* Date to be decided by 2021 committee post-election.

## 3. Reports & Standing Items
* Financial Situation as of 2020-11-16 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $694.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit card (old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
    * Business Debit Card
      * $266.00 current, $0.00 start of year (opened June 26, 2020)
    * Bank Balance
      * $3731.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $x (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4796.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $0.00 this month, $40.00 last, $2752.80 this year.
    * Expense
      * $0.00 this month, $130.00 last, $733.14 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $0.00 this month, ($90.00) last, $2019.66 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
        * Up to date
      * Receivables
      * Transfers
        * Up to date

* Membership Situation as of 2020-10-20
  * ? renewals
  * 3 new in October
* Membership trends:
  * 29 Current Paid Members July, previous month was 31
  * 306 Expired Members July, previous month was 303
  * 423 Members on meetup.com July, previous month 417

## 4. Events Status
* Review of recent events
    * 2020-11-08 Second Sunday PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2020-11-10 Second Tuesday: DUG talk
      * talk and tour of data centre
      * Late RSVPs were almost an issue
          * Would be a big issue for PLUG-catered events.
 * Forthcoming events
      * PLUG-in-the-Pub
      * Fourth Monday? 2020-11-23
      * Last Drop Cockburn? (Beeliar)
  * December 2020-12:
    * Xmas BBQ:
      * BBQ Second Sunday 2020-12-13 11:00 @ King's Park
        * then continue to...
    * 2020-12-13 Second Sunday PLUG+POSH hack afternoo
      * Xmas BBQ: same event? or different event?
    * ACTION: Margaret: update calendar
    * ACTION: Benjamin: update meetup
      * Facebook?
    * Second Tuesday: skip
    * Usual committee meeting: skip
  * January 2021-01:
    * 2021-01-10 Second Sunday PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * 2021-01-12 Second Tuesday AGM
      * ACTION: DONE: Nick: Confirm the following ACTION time in email
      * ACTION: DONE: Peter: Confirm with Spacecubed/Amandine: No PLUG meeting in Riff in 2020-11, 2020-12; PLUG AGM in 2021-01-12 as usual
      * ACTION: Paul: Formal AGM notice, call for nominations
      * ACTION: Nick: Confirm with Paul in 2020-11
    * 2021-01-23 -- 25 LCA2021 online
    * Tentative PLUG-in-the-Pub 2021-01, usual February, March events
  * February 2021-02
    * Ansible AWX (Wings and possibly Michael)
      * A look at the open source Ansible AWX project, which provides a way of controlling, organising and running Ansible playbooks in a handy web interface

* Future:
  * Steve S: Could organise a car rally: 2021-02/03/04/05?
    * Promote at AGM?
    * February is Fringe?
    * March and end up at a pub?
  * Raspberry Jam 2021-03?
  * Foreman (Wings)
    * No timeline yet
  * MooseFS Expansion (Wings)
    * 2021-04 possibly
  * MiniMagnus Pi "Supercomputer" (Wings, check back in March 2021)
  * Editing video with code (GStreamer Editing Services) (jamesh)
    * First half of 2021
  * Quiz Nights?
  * Future Games Nights? (no, not for a while)
  * Puppet talk (remotely - in talks with Puppet folks for BBB session soon)
  * PLUG AV hack sessions

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising
* ACTION: Event promotion: team effort
  * ACTION: Margaret: email list with announcements/final reminders
  * ACTION: Paul: meetup.com
  * ACTION: Nick/Benjamin: meetup.com (backup) + facebook.com
  * ACTION: Nick, All: calendar, backup where needed
  * ACTION: Peter to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)

* ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys
* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73
* ACTION: Paul: Amandine Trouillet - Spacecubed agreement
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC (N.B. Benjamin's new address?)
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* ACTION: Server migration RFT2019-11 (r2)
  * General admin help always wanted, have tried to onboard through hack sessions
* ACTION: New signatory on Bendigo Business Basic account
  * Join 2 other signatories during business hours; "Friday or Monday can probably be made to work for me" -- PL, BA, NB
  * ACTION: Paul: forms are available at Bentley when convenient

* ACTION: Ben to ensure POSH meetup account is closed so that Stephen isn't paying for it - Still needs doing

## 6. New General Business
Ben would like to formally thank all of the 2020 committee members ahead of the 2021 AGM. Thank you for your service.

Meeting closed by Ben at 8:28 PM.
