---
title: PLUG Committee Agenda 2020-06-16
---

## 0. Opening.
* Meeting opened by Ben at 7:37 PM 2020-06-16

## Attendance.
* Present: Margaret, James, Nick, Peter, Benjamin, Patrick
* Apologies: Michel, Paul
* Absent: None
* Guest: Patrick

## 1. Confirmation of Previous Minutes.
https://github.com/plugorgau/plugorgau.github.io/blob/master/_posts/minutes/2020-05-19-minutes.md
  * MOTION: Proposed by Ben and seconded by James. Passed with minor trolling dissent.
 
## 2. Next Committee Meeting.
* Tuesday 2020-07-21 19:30 @ UCC Big Blue Button?

## 3. Reports & Standing Items.
* Financial Situation as of 2020-06-15 (Peter)
  * Balances:
    * Cash box
      * $592.60 current, $582.60 start of year ($390.25 start 2019)
    * Debit card(old)
      * Expired current, Expired start of year ($40.86  start 2019)
    * Bank Balance
      * $4078.47 current, $2114.42 start of year ($2754.04 start 2019)
    * Receivables
      * $40.86 (Paul) from expired Debit card (old) load go.
    * Total Assets
      * $4775.53 (was $2801.48 start of year) ($3213.04 start 2019)
  * Statement:
    * Income
      * $1160.00 this month, $50.00 last, $2423.90 this year.
    * Expense
      * $10.00 this month, $250.00 last, $425.24 this year
    * Net Proceeds
      * $1150.00 this month, $200.00 last, $1998.66 this year
  * Outstanding:
      * Payables
        * $10 to Timothy White for Domain renewal (Paid)
      * Receivables

* Membership Situation as of 2020-06-16 (Paul)
  * 2 renewals/new in June $40
  * 3 renewals/new in May $50
  * 2 renewals/new in April $50 ($10 donation)
  * 2 renewals/new in March $30
* Membership trends:
  * 31  Current Paid Members June, previous month was 29
  * 29  Current Paid Members May, previous month was 30
  * 303 Expired Members June, previous month was 304
  * 304 Expired Members May, previous month was 302
  * 417 Members on meetup.com June, previous month 416
  * 416 Members on meetup.com May, previous month 416

## 4. Events Status.
* Review of recent events:
  * How did the previous events turn out online? Any comments?
    * Hack afternoon: Quiet
    * Jamesh talk: Delayed 1? month for promotion, some confusion

* Forthcoming events:
  * Aim for 3 month's forward planning
    * Last minute organisation is taking more effort, with less help, for lower attendance
    * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/committee/2019-October/009449.html
    * Paul - See events in order.
  * July 2020-07:
    * Second Sunday 2020-07-12 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2020-07-14 Jamesh talk confirmed.
      * Spacecubed venue not confirmed. See emails to committee from Amandine.
      * ACTION: Ben to chase Paul to chase Spacecubed.
      * ACTION: Ben to give Stephen Meetup access.
      * ACTION: Margaret: Email reminders to mailing list: now; then a week out; then final
      * ACTION: Nick Update calendar
      * ACTION: Ben promote on Facebook
      * ACTION: Ben promote on Meetup
      * ACTION: Peter to investigate promoting on Twitter? (Official PLUG?)
    * 2020-07-27? PLUG-in-the-Pub? Yes/No/Where?
      * Mighty Quinn: https://mightyquinnwa.com/
        * ACTION: Nick: update the calendar, meetup event
        * ACTION: Margaret promote on mailing list when calendar entry is done
  * August 2020-08:
    * Second Sunday 2020-08-09 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
    * Second Tuesday 2020-08-11 Raspberry Jam
      * 3x Monitor + cables
      * 3x Keyboard/mouse set
      * Network switch + AP
      * Pre-flashed microSD cards (5x)
        * ACTION: Ben to buy these from JB HiFi
    * Sunday 2020-08-23: Wings' Whacky Games Night 2
      * Sunday 2020-08-23 14:00-20:00 / 2-8pm
      * Date confirmed, time tentative
  * September 2020-09:
    * Second Tuesday 2020-09-08 Quiz Night (replaces PLUG-in-the-Pub for September)
        * ACTION: Research venue. Belgian worked quite well?
    * Second Sunday 2020-09-13 PLUG+POSH hack afternoon
* Future plans:
  * Quiz Nights?
  * Future Games Nights?
  * End of year?
  * 2021 AGM?
  * Raspberry Jam?

## 5. General Business & Matters Arising.
* ACTION: Peter: will bank some of the cash box moneys.
  * Status: still to be done
* ACTION: Peter/Benjamin/Nick: New Bendigo accounts
  * Bank requires ID checks, forms to be signed
  * Status: Done
* ACTION: Paul: Needs to cash the load and go cheque $34.73.
  * Status: Still TODO
* ACTION: Paul: Amandine Riff/Spacecubed agreement.
   * Paul - I recommend waiting for Amandine's reply and until I can call her.
  * Correspondence status:
    * Need a Spacecubed community member
      * One is renewing, we have at least one more?
    * Paul emailed AmandineT 2020-06-09
    * From: AT 2020-06-11: contact name? Vault or Town Hall?
      * To: AT 2020-06-11: contact name, we would prefer the Town Hall when it's available
    * From: AT 2020-06-15: More private events upcoming at Riff, who do we have as paid Spacecubed members? Please call.
      * To: AT 2020-06-15: We would prefer the Town Hall when it's available
    * From: AT 2020-06-16: Preference for Riff? over Flux? is understood? Paid private events have priority on a given venue/date. PLUG needs a paid Spacecubed contact member.
      * We don't mind Riff vs Flux
      * If we have a regular booking, we prefer the Riff Town Hall to any other room
        * if changing meeting dates to a less popular night helps us have a regular booking, that's probably OK?
        * we're happy to change rooms if any paid private events needs the Town Hall.
      * Paul: I don't think we can change our talk dates, but we could change rooms.
      * ACTION: Ben to call Paul tomorrow.
      * ACTION: Peter to email committee when his Spacecubed membership is current
* ACTION: Peter: Update PLUG addresses + update the address associated with the ABN, ASIC
  * Who/what/where to contact next?
  * Also AWS has old address: volunteer to fix?
* ACTION: Server migration RFT2019-11 (r2)
  * Status: ETA end of June? (80% confidence)

## 6. New General Business.
* Domain name renewal
  * Status: Done
  * ACTION: Paul replied to Tim's email saying yes to the $10 reimbursement
    * Status: Paid
  * Proposal:
    * Should we reimburse Tim some domain renewal fee's i.e. $50?
    * Alternative: Accept and encourage generous no-strings-attached donations
      * http://lists.plug.org.au/mailman/private/admin/2019-December/thread.html
      * Tim's membership has expired: renew it gratis?
    * MOTION: To award Tim a complimentary 1 year's PLUG membership
      * Proposed: Nick, Seconded: Margaret, Ben, Peter, James
      * For: 5 Against: 0 Abstain: 0
* Discuss absorbing Perth Open Source Hackers events into PLUG + giving Stephen "Event Organizer" permissions.
  * Meetup renewals due August! (6 monthly)
  * Meetup is probably still worthwhile for PLUG currently, maybe review next year
  * Paul says that we get heaps of members coming via meetup.
  * ACTION: Ben to grant Meetup access to Stephen (from POSH).

Meeting closed by Ben at 8:58 PM.
